Yeah, yeah. 
This for my ballers world-wide, state to state,
City to city, ballers ballers. 
Let's do this, dirty.
Remix, you know, Ching-a-ling.
You know how I do it, representing St. Louis.
Put your hands up, put your hands up.

[Chorus]
I'm a baller (baller), high roller, baby.
Where the ballers at?
Shotcaller (caller), driving chickens crazy.
Where the shotcaller's at?
You a hater (hater), why you trying to play me?
Where the ballers at?
Fake player, afraid I'll take your lady.
Where the shotcallers at?

I got the pots up in the kitchen,
I'm just a baller pitching-in my division.
Yes, me coming, some people be like dissing
My 26 rims like full moons, they be glistening.
So yes I got my eye for these chicks when I'm dishing.
The critics be talking, I walk past and start hissing.
Looking at my wrists, and shooting them balls in Detroit like I play for the pistons.
Baby if you listening, I'm a' tour so much,
Folks say I'm missing, gettin'.
This baller s-k-in', I be running around with it, spitting it.
The hood in here, a lotta ballers drop down in here,
I wish you would in here, We smoke good in here.
Moving through your hood shining,
Keep yellow, I'm gonna wear blue diamonds,
Look mellow, always be grinding, rhyming-
I get fifty thou' for an in-store signing, cause I'm a

[Chorus]

It ain't nothing to a boss,
That's why I spent three hundred on a cross!
Pink and yellow, that's the combination.
I know a skinny rapper out here player hating.
Cause I got thirty blocks on my resume,
I got my own liquor, why he drinking Alize?
Me and Chingy got the pop charts on lock,
But I still get respect on my own block.
Niggas try to take my money, but I bounce back,
Three cribs, one viper, and a Maybach.
I'm like, baby, you can call me the birdman.
But I'm the boss, I don't hustle on the curb, man.
Now everybody in my crib got a clover chain,
So even when I'm not around, they promote the name.
I'm Lil' Flip, rapping H-town 'till I'm gone.
I took a trip to Amsterdam smoking out a bomb,
A baller, baby!

[Chorus]

That's me, that's right, I've got a Bentley for sure,
A hundred million in the bank, plus I'm getting some more.
I'm the type of dude, moving more product than stores.
I'm a cook it in the kitchen for the price of the room.
I've got black diamonds, quarter million biller on shore.
On a white sandy beach with kickers and whores.
Said I'm on another level that you can't afford:
Princess cuts, round diamonds, and getting more.
That's why I shoot my dice four thousand or more,
Cause my price at work sure be on soar.
That's why we need a hundred grand for at stores,
Cause I won't settle for nothing less than more.

[Chorus]