party people, your dream have now been fufilled get out your seats and lets get ill

well its time for underground flavour
hip hop make ya change yo behaviour
Now for you rockin roll heads or you ravers
You don't know now but you gon' find out
we'll be rocking this ass and kicks
freestyle fellowship in the mix
afterlife best men in the myx
You don't know now but you gon' find out!

i don't think that I'm'a sleep tonight
my name is Aceyalone keep it tight
them other fools just can't freak the mik
You don't know now but you gon' find out!

Who got,who got,who got,who got
unbderground on the road smoking hot
who got the mik to serves these bumboclot!
You don't know now but you gon' find out!

party people, your dream have now been fufilled get out your seats and lets get ill

one for the money, two for the all the rest
my crue from the west is through with all the mess
you rocking with the best beyond the doubt
You don't know now but you gon' find out!

we get you up for the resurrection
that after life project-low connection
I'm ruuning to get rid of you improfections
You don't know now but you gon' find out!

the who, what, where, when, and why
legendery style that we stare on the mik
wether memorise or the improvies
You don't know now but you gon' find out!

[?]slaming door CD's shacking doors
open the doors so we pack the floors
you were looking for a battle but you fell into a war!
You don't know now but you gon' find out!

party people, your dream have now been fufilled get out your seats and lets get ill

one for the money, two for the show three, four, five, six, seven for the flow
eight nine ten eleven add a couple more i got a couple more ways than i can go
so - have a sit relax yo feet boy ill stand walk man rock this Beat
if you ain't got this than you ain't complete
yo feel this hit on the middle a the street

trying ta [?] its me freak and get acquainted
this a lot different from the pictures that they gave ya
ill try to explain it the best way that i can
today's all i got yesterday {?]
I'm a grown ass man who got to survive
hold out yo hand and all i do is slap you five
they shutin down the microphone soon as we arive
[?] they get out they knife

party people, your dream have now been fufilled get out your seats and lets get ill