[Master P Talking]
See I've Benn like Goin through a few minor difficulties 
You know Me and My Girl benn gettin into it 
She done left
I lost a few loved ones
But I'm a Hustler
That's why they Label Me a Fool 
Ain't That a joke...

[Master P]
Look Into These eyes of a fool see broken dreams and lonely nights
Stressed out days
Tv With no antenna
Just prentend there's more losers than winners,
And some times I say " UGGGGGGHHH" To release my damn pain
Or pick up the phone to call my grandmama cause she kept me in the game
Before why'all say nothin prama , can't emagine life with out big mamma So many 
Snakes and killas, jackers and piranahs. 
See This game Got me way Deep,I pray the lord I wake before I sleep
See some say your friend be your emney,
Don't trust no one but your family
But All the love I show when I'm around
I wonder if they show us that when I'm down
See you a king when you sittin on top
But you a fool when you finally drop
I Thank the lord for every thing I got and its No Limit Till My times 
Stopped. Uggghhhh!!!!

[Chorus] [ Master P & Mo B. Dick ]
[Foolish.... Mo B. Dick In Back Round ]
Fool... Cause you can't Fool Me
Call Me a Fool But You can't fool me
Call Me a Fool But You can't fool me
Call Me a Fool But You can't fool me
Call Me a Fool But You can't fool me
Call Me a Fool But You can't fool me
Call Me a Fool But You can't fool me
Call Me a Fool But You can't fool me

[Magic]
I Never Tryed to Be Like This......
See I Came Up different diddent have a lot never had a lot of food on the 
Table top 
I know where you came from I know it was hard for a soldier like me in the 
Dirty south
Ran with the boys who were serving clucks 
Mashed up with my homies just to make a buck 
You know where I Came 
But Look In My Eyes I hungry as hell I'm Ready to Die
My familys ashamed cause I'm caught in the game 
Take me out the 9th ward and mabye I'll change
Call me a bad seed cause I smoke my trees before I Brush my teeth I'm Allways 
In black Ready to ride
No Limit is my only reply
I'm screamin it when I'm leavin see the fire in these foolish eyes
Don't Give a Damn about the Po-Po
Find a ride with my brotha on my girl then I'm solo
Ghetto Vet With No Athority 
The President should of pardened me
Why'all Better Hope I don't lose it
Jump in and act clean in palaceds sittin on 20's and act FOOLISH!!

Chorus X 10
[Master P Talking... Magic In Back round ]
Ha.. Ha.. Ughhhhhhhhh!!!
Call me A fool
Call us a Fool
But you can't Fool me thoe
You can't fool us cause We Bout it Bout it and Rodwdy Rodwdy! 
Told why'all it wasent no limit baby 
We just gon act a fool then, that's what we gon do magic, Master P and Mo B. D 
Some more foolish brothers trying to make it happen you heard Me! 
The Dirty sou.. Never Judge a book buy it cover
Repersent
From the 3rd to the streets
To the south to the east,to the west, and to the north boy 
Act a fool but don't be a fool about you paper...

[Beat Fades out......]