Young Jeezy
Yeah, I can believe dat (CTE) Who else nigga?
And ya boy, Kells.
Okay! (Yuh!) 87-32, what it do?
Dat's right, keep clappin' y'all
Kinky, I gotchu homie!
Oh, oh,oh
Let's get it!

[Chorus]
You know we trap all day (Oh!) play all night (Oh!)
This is the life of a, the life of a (Aye!)
Go Getta (Aye!), Go Getta  (Aye!), Go Getta  (Yeah)
And in the club you see a bad bitch, point her out (Let's go!)
Yeah, you damn right Im'a (Aye), you damn right I'm a (Yuh!)
Go Getta  (Yuh!), Go Getta  (Aye!), Go Getta  (Yeah)
(Let's go nigga, lemme talk to 'em!)

First I buss-a-right, then I buss-a-left (G'yeah!)
Music so loud I almost went deaf (Talk to em, hommie, damn!)
Hit the sweet once and then I hold my breath
Smoke every cigarello 'till it ain't none left
Got 50 in the clip, 20 grand in my pocket (Yuh!)
Money so big, I don't even need a wallet (Ha-ha!)
72' Impala same color as the pills (Woo!)
Red, White and Blue, the same colla as the bills (Let's go!)
Here we go again, it's the motherfuckin' remix
Whole car smoked up, now I can't see shit (Nah!)
Heater on my waste, got the sac in the back
Got the whole Escalade smellin' like the pack (Yuh!)
Go get 'em bitch!

[Chorus]

I'm in the triple black convertible G-T Bentley
Trill Under Ground King, got the Queen right wit me (Yup!)
And things right wit me, and dat thing right on me
I'm a one-stop-shop and a one man army, 
wit the F3000 and the F1050
Seven send you to heaver fo' bein' so shifty
We work up on the triple beam and wait on the 4 way
I hit the highway, ya way pimpin' wit my yay, there's no way
Dat anybody the scope you and yay to holla at the effey
These streets have me codin' zones these more sessay
My seven Jizzy James and Pimp C is my friend, 
So you can take dat to the grave or the bank

[Chorus]

Uh!
Uh!
Yo!
Niggas is too frail, you either a snake or a new snail
My heart as cold as the new jail
Everywhere I go they beggin' me
But one wrong decision can destroy ya legacy (Uh!)
Lemme see I can break 'em down and take longer to slow sail (Uh huh!)
I'm a chill fo' a minute sit on 'em and hoe sail 'em
Business is just fine, none of ya folks tellin' (Uh!)
Shouldn't have it any other way when you coke sellin'
I don't know wha' it is, I guess we was raised different (Yeah!)
Blowin' hayes standin' on the couch Roseye drippin' (Ha ha)
Air forces, hard denim, my low sweater
D-Block, ya boy 'Kiss is a go getta