He's crawling through your blood, he's coming through your cells
When you don't protect yourself, he strikes you
Do you know who he is? It's the H.I.V.

Here we go, check it out!
Running through your blood, 
Intervening through your cells, I be your worst nightmare, 
So you can go and tell, my duty is to take you off this earth, 
Since your birth, let me tell you how I go to work and how it hurts
In the 20th century they invented me, 
Swallowed many medicine, tackled many vaccines
Still standing here on my own and I can't wait to get up in your home
I'll destroy your life and even take your wife,
So you better think twice before you take that price

I'm coming in a midnight creep, watch ya family weep,
Slowly putting that ass to sleep
I'm much greater as the dominator, you and me one and one
I know, I'm the remainder
Hopefully I go down in history as a memory, you know my name
I'll be the H.I.V.!

[Chorus]
Somebody please help me, cause I am falling (come on)
I'm going down, can't you hear me calling (huh)
Can't you see, what's going on with me
Oh! I need someone to help me! (I'll be the H.I.V.)
Somebody please help me, cause I am falling
I'm going down, can't you hear me calling (huh)
Can't you see, what's going on with me
Oh! I need someone to help me! (I'll be the H.I.V.)

Life is born from unprotected sex,life is born, 
Sharing needles with the next
Catch the context as I start to move it on,
Listen-up out there to the facts of the song
No feeling when I'm coming to your heart,
Destroy your whole family just to do my part
Can you hear me? Yo! you do, 
In twenty more seconds I'll be inside of you
Slowly see his or her health begins to fall,
And sooner to later I hear the phone call,
Protect yourself or get you a partner that's true
Or I'll be coming yo you, pump it through!
Thanks for the media for giving me attention,
And while I'm in your mind,
I like to mention, diseases of this world are family to me
Cause I'll be the one you hate, I'll be the H.I.V.!

Somebody please help me, cause I am falling (come on)
I'm going down, can't you hear me calling (huh)
Can't you see, what's going on with me
Oh! I need someone to help me! (I'll be the H.I.V.)

[Bridge]
Is there anybody out there? Does anybody hear me?
Does anybody hear me falling?
Is there anybody out there? Oh, can't nobody see?
Can't nobody stop me from falling? (I'll be the H.I.V.)

[Chorus]