You can catch me in the cherry red one-fifty
Got the grizzy locked in the stizzy
Pop the clizzy goin' sixty down a one-wizzy
Drunk pissy, tryin to cruise through the avenue
While my peoples is poppin' bottles up in Sue's rendezvous
F*ck that, spun the you-ey lost a hubcap
It's back to the shack, came back and now, "What's that?"
Straight from Paris, checkin' Gaby's new baby carriage
Perry Ellis (nice), auburn cherry reddish
Fresh out the dealer, got the Tec for the squealers
Wear a vest for the killers, nothin' less 'cause it's reala
In the Big Apple, where it's quick to get your shit tackled
Enemies spit at you, best friends kidnap you
Trust no one (eh eh) got beef bust yo' gun
You don't need no one (nope) talkin' bout that you owe him
I'ma go for dolo, Scarface without Manolo
One deep, I be solo, bustin' heat, throwin bolos, it's hard

[Chorus]
And it's so hard, yeah
Niggas wanna be like Pun, but they don't bust they guns
And it's so hard 
Niggas wanna f*ck my wife, niggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard
(It's hard work baby)
(I just lost a hundred pounds, I'm tryin' to live)
I ain't goin' nowhere I'm stayin' alive baby 
That's my wife, I paid for them titties
Get your own, your own, ya heard?
Niggas wanna f*ck my wife, niggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard 

Rollin with the Squad, we like Gods
Catch us at the bar-de-bar-de-bars
Strip bars in Miami, almost came home with the Grammy
Next year, bringin home three for the family
Watch me, you can catch it live on the Hitachi
Poppin' shit like a Nazi, iced out like DeBiase
F*ck that, Liberace
Fo'-X Versace, somebody stop me!
Never that, skee-yu! Where my niggas at?
Uptown! Uptown! You know you feelin' that
"Cash Rule," hardcore you can dance to
That old Biggie give me, "One More Chance "
Take a glance and I'm off with yours
With both hands take off my drawers 
And jerk me like the Source Awards
I love hip-hop, I ain't even probably the best lyricist alive
Terror Squad nigga stop sleepin, ooh yeah

What you say your name was again?
And I know you from where? Elementary school?
I don't know you man!
Money, not you again
Go that way!
Loser!

Niggas wanna be like Pun, but they don't bust they guns
And it's so hard 
Niggas wanna f*ck my wife, niggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard 
Yeah, 'cause you ain't fuckin' my wife, takin' my life
And if you just hatin' just walk on by 
All you haters just walk on by