B-boy, where the f*ck you at?
I been looking for you're ass since a quarter past.
Hot peas and butter, baby, come and get your supper
Before I make you suffer that's when you had enough-a

Can I get hot when you hit the jackpot? Surely I can, if you the man
I get loose and produce large amounts of juice
Can you get used to that or do you need
A boost of energy to enter me and get it on?

You're gettin' warm, I can feel you getting closer
Now baby, down this Mimosa
You better believe it's time to give a toast to
The woman of the decade, too bad to be played

Get vex and I'm bound to throw shade
All over your body, who's body? You're body
I can rock a party like nobody
Leavin' time to take home the loot

Choosy about who I let knock my boots
Now let me take sight while your lovin' the Lyte
Life ain't all that unless you're doing it right

Keep on, keepin' on
'Cause you came and you changed my world
Your love so brand new
Keep on, keep kickin' on
Doin' it right, right, right ah, ah, ah

Beware of the stare when I step into peace
I come in peace but I got shit that need to be released
Now who from the chosen shall I choose?
Yeah, now you wish you was in his shoes

I found me a new nigga this year
That knows how to handle this here
Now I look forward to goin' home at night
Brother does mo right, under the candlelight

Wax upon my back, can I handle all of that?
I guess I can, can I, why not?
If I wanna guess I can, can I?
More honey than a bumble-bee hive

Pulling 69 ways in my archive
Sweet like licorice, sugar for my booga.
Juicy like Hi-C. or an Ice
I got shit to make your ass write a bad check

'Cause like I said I ain't afraid of the sweat
Beat on my drum if you feel the need to
As I proceed to open up and feed you
I got a longing to put you where you wanna be
Been I can, I get rid of all company

Keep on, keepin' on
'Cause you came and you changed my world
Your love so brand new
Keep on, keep kickin' on
Doin' it right, right, right ah, ah, ah

Many have tried strict regulation
Lazy motherfuckers get put on probation
Those that didn't perform well
They gets no answer when they ring-a-ring-a my bell

You're playing with my time
Trying to jerk me hurt me then dessert me
You better work me, while you got the opportunity
To be in the midst of the L Y T E

Only the strong survive, only the wise excel
Once said by my born-in-hell, only the lonely die slowly
Left all alone try to control me
Easy does it never ask how was it

Never speak my info why my sheets in the streets
'Cause that ain't cool and that ain't cute
To talk about who knocked the boots on a video shoot
But it's all good, though you gotta get it when you want it

Like your prey, make your move and hop up on it
It's natural, never be ashamed
F*ck the fame
Get the name, and kick the game