It's jumping off in H-Town, baby

Strictly for the funk lovers, give it to me

And we really want the whole world to see
How it goes

We want your mind to blow, baby
When you free your mind and let it float
Let me roll
We want your mind to blow
Just let us hang with you

Hanging in the hood, just shooting the breeze
My partners on the cut smoking swisher sweets
Tripping on the hoochies rolling by in they rides
Guzzling up a forty ounce of cold St. Ides
Jamming to a tape to my partner had made
"Growing up in the Hood" being mixed with Face
Swisher sweet's a killer, feeling nothing but nice
Reached in my pocket for the old school dice
Pulled out a knot and dropped the dice on the floor
And asked my partner Mike what they hitting for
Pulled out a yard and said, "We betting a dove"
Tee Lee Baby, show your partner some love
Kicking back fading, put the flame to the joint
3-2, drop baby, 3-2's your point
Back in the do' with a fo' and a ace
Picked up his ends and waved the dice in my face
And then he hollered out "School house!"
Schooled em again, now d's come in ounce
And walked away from the crap game broke
But it ain't no thing, yo, just let a brother smoke

Let me roll
We want your mind to blow
Just got some things to do

Back on the creep after losing some change
Seen my partner, Big Chief and James
Creeping on the boulevard, acting a fool
Tripping on the broads at the old school
Music bumping hard, never turning it down
Trunk super tight with surround-by sound
Paint job cracking cause the punch ain't fade
Jamming that brand new 2Low tape
Windows all smokey, blowing coke-laced seed
I'm throwing up the deuce to the HPD
Now they looking crazy like I sold the hay
Just another day in the heart of S.A.
Roll a little further there, I seen O.G.
With his brother named, S.A. O.G.
They chopped up the hood, so I'm chunking it back
And then they pulled out a $200 sack
When I saw it I almost choked
Twist your partner one, big baby, just let your partner smoke

Let me roll
We want your mind to blow
We got some things to do

Smoking on some lovely, now I'm feeling fine
It's jumping off at the 9.9
5th Ward in the house with the S.A. fools
Ain't no set tripping cause we all so cool
Drinking up the bottle, getting drunk as a skunk
That 151 just ain't no punk
Hit the stage and grabbed the mic and started flexing styles
A stage full of tight MC's goin buckwild
Now throw your hands in the air like that
On the wheels of steel is my homie Lonnie Mack
Getting down on his own
Now I'm finna pass my partner Jay the microphone

[Lil' Jay]
Throw your hands in the air like that
Northside where you at, where you at, where you at?
Throw your hands in the air like that
Southside where you at, where you at, where you at?
Throw your hands in the air like that
Eastside where you at, where you at, where you at?
Throw your hands in the air like that
Westside where you at, where you at, where you at?

Let me roll
We want your mind to blow
Let me roll
We want your mind to blow
We got some things to do
Just let us hang with you
We some drink for you
My partner Jay's