Nine-six, it's Da Brat, nigga.
We jackin' these niggas for they beats and shit.
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
Put this shit in ya mothafuckin' mouth...

Niggas know when they see the afro-symbol, they embrace themselves.
Lock doors and hold their breath.
For the black on black beamer drivin'.
Shitin' on niggas time after time,
And on da west side is confinement.
It ain't no gettin' outta line with me, I stays ready.
Split a mothafuckas shit fo' free, if necessary.
Gotta love for gettin' blunted
What you want to do I done it, bitch.
And about to do it again,
So run and tell ya friends I'm comin'.

[Chorus]
My motto is make it all, and never miss a buck.
I walk around attitude, 'cause I don't give a f*ck.
However, you gotta get it, get it without getting stuck.
I'm witcha.
Cuz life ain't shit if you can't live it up, live it up.

[Chorus]

The next destination is to be the greatest heavyweight, and undisputed.
Due to dem other bitches, to the back of the bus, with nothing much to it.
My millions my main concern, fucka factions and hurting feelings.
Its niggas that'll care just to kick it, 
With a real bitch gettin' real rich, quick.
Live it up to the fullest, notch set up the plot.
Life expect to see levels drop, its on again and it don't stop.
Anotha tantrum for crematin' mothafuckas in random.
Leavin' none standin', keep da big willies hold'em for grants.
The money it cost, to be boss, is high, my all time condition;
To da day I die, that's why I be the best for this position, listen.
Cleavage decorated wit' ice flooded pieces.
I live for drop top corneshes and new releases.
Bouncin' in little islands I can't even pronounce.
Way out, laid out, by da beach smokin' a whole fuckin' ounce.
This nigga stay jiggie, flashy, my name ain't baby.
Its Da B-R-A-T, Miss Harris, if you get nasty.

[Chorus]

Yeah So So Def in this mothafucka, uh.
Chi-town in this mothafucka, uh.
Atlanta in this mothafucka, uh.
Chi-Lanta in this mothafucka, uh.
JD on this mothafucka, uh.
And it's da brat on this mothafucka, uh.
So what you want mothafuckaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa?