F'real, uh
Homeboy, due to the graphic game-orienfestedness
of this program, viewer discretion is advised
I promise you pimpin; I mean that there's so many L-are-P's
Lone Range Pimpin jumpin up on this track man you underdig?
We spit these L-are-P's and we do this damn thing real toughlike
You underdig? So this a bitch, see'mon

The homies done made it, I'm so elated
Got all of the ladies, ohhhhh, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
Don't try to play me, just cause I'm faded
Don't think that I'm crazy, whoooh, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah

But Nate Dogg, what if my bankroll was to fall?
Think she'll cut from me, think she'll stand tall through it all?
Think she'll boost for me, steal me a pair
of dumb-dumb dumb-dumb's from the mall? (Hell naw)
Bear it all, pose naked in the camasol (nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah)
You got a baby by me, I got a baby by you
Whaddya mean? I'ma always be able to plug you
You tell me to lick (lick) I tell you to suck (suck)
We be mad at each other, but we still WHAAAT?

I do what I want to do, just cause I want to
Don't care too much about you, hell naw, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
Nate Dogg ain't gon' force you, I'll wait until you want to
If not then I'll erase you, you know, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah

I left the club staggerin (staggerin)
Blasted handcuffed and lifted in the paddywagon
And the hoe can sell, without a doubt
Your momma put her house up to bail me out
If that ain't stickin to the script
I'm her future son-in-law ain't never gave her no lip (lip)
Uhh, thought I wasn't (wasn't)
Love you cause you was down when I was scrubbin

Say you're lookin fo' a gangsta, girl I want to thank ya
When niggaz come and question, do you know? Nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah
While other niggaz thankin, corners I be bankin
Money I be makin, you know, nah nah-nah-nah-nah-nah

You was a, new comer, turned out by (??) Wang
GiGi Hana, mesmerized by my slang
I pop my collar one time (one time)
Got control of yo' mind (mind)
Never know, but sometimes the kindred calls
Thugged out, never judge me by my clothes
When there's a drought, I be ridin, Z's and Vogues
Five times on the look out for the po'-po'

Nate D-O-double G (double G) Don't want to f*ck me (wanna f*ck me)
As happy as can be (as can be) Nate Dogg and 40, Fonzarell'
We're gon' reach to the bay (to the bay) 'Frisco to L.A. (L.A.)
Don't care what you say (what you say) they all fam-lay (fam-i-lay)

They all family.. homeboy, whaddya know, why'know?
Yeah, straight game you underdug? Homeboy
Yeah we stay doin this.. you underdig?
Please believe that part of the game homeboy
Uhh.. Battlecat on the track, homeboy
Please believe... uhh
Sick Wid It records... homeboy
Please believe, we stay doin this
Uhhh, uh-uhh!
Uh-uhh
Uh-uhh! Homeboy
Uhhh, ssp spit it pimpin.. please believe
Uhh, homeboy, uhh, uhh, E-Feezy