When the night call, yeah
I call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)
When the night call, yeah (night call!)
I call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)

Offset!
When the night call
We can link up, we can all ball (ball!)
Molly, Xans and all, 3-2-1 then we takin' off
If you came to party, pour champagne we can drink Bacardi
And I'm ‘bout to go in, rave in the crowd Michael Phelps I dive in (rave-rave)
When the night call, night call
Roll the dice dawg, dice dawg (the dice!)
Hoppin' in the white frog (white frog)
Livin' like a outlaw (outlaw)
Shorty got a tight jaw
When the night call night call, yeah

When the night call, yeah
I'll call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)
When the night call, yeah (night call!)
I'll call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)

When the night call pick up the phone
When the night call pick up the phone
Past 2 I'm an animal
My bitch ride bone like a cannibal
My party crazy like carnivals
Pull up them birds like a cardinal
I run up my sack check my cardio
Bitch it's Quavo and it's Lil Boat
Steve Aoki with the finger roll
Basketball like a Seminole
In my party we f*ck any hoe
In my party we f*ck your hoe
When the night calls drop everything that's done and run
We're gon' party 'til the sun come
No cameras just us
Put your drinks in the air
We don't care who's here
We don't care who's here 'cause we having fun in the bedroom
Give a f*ck 'bout your feelings
Middle finger to a villain
Split his wig back now he peelin'
Donald his hoe like that nigga named Trump

When the night call, yeah
I'll call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)
When the night call, yeah (night call!)
I'll call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)

I wanna start up a riot (riot!)
I wanna fat out your tires
Steve Aoki throw the cake (Steve!)
I wanna throw me a pie (pie!)
That's only when the night call yeah (night call!)
I wanna p-p-pipe y'all up
She wanna f*ck but don't know me (Smash!)
I put the ice in the Rollie (ice!)
I'm a champion Kobe (champion!)
It's Migos Migos Steve Aoki (o!)
Play with that key like piano (ki!)
I'm in the jungle like Rambo (ju!)
Jump off the stage, Geronimo
Your pockets is dry like camel

When the night call, yeah
I call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)
When the night call, yeah (night call!)
I call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)

Night call, diamonds shine with the lights off
Night brawl I'mma spray like Lysol
Thot bitch that ain't my type nah (nah!)
Bad bitch pipe down for a pipe yah (pipe!)
I'mma need a con with no flaw (con!)
Lookin' at my diamonds no flaws (diamonds!)
Wanna go to war we can fight for Geico
All I gotta do is make one call (one!)
When I walk in, they applaud
Big back end, homie never did frauds
Staring at my heart 'cause she never seen stars
Lookin' at the door wanna know how they ajar
Night call yeah we know that
Migo makin' sure they pullin' out Kodaks (flash!)
The trophy is Skydweller Rolex
My life is written in books like a codex

When the night call, yeah
I'll call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)
When the night call, yeah (night call!)
I'll call all my soldiers just to come and brawl, yeah (soldiers!)

This time I'mma show you somethin'
This time I'mma pour it up (pull it up)
This time I'mma light it up (light it up)
This time I'mma light it up (light it up)
That's only when night call yeah (only when night call)
Did the night call, night call yeah