"Well, ladies and gentlemen, without and further adieu
 let's just get on with the show"

[Repeat x8]
Off and on!  (there it is, baby pah!)  

Off and on
Trender number two, now, whatchu gonna do?
When I flow
'Cause, man, do the brother, flow
Like a swinger, oh yes a swinger
A regular humdinger, besides a ruff rhyme bringer
So when the trend men come we come correct
Styles upon styles upon styles earn mad respect
Lethal as a tech nine, a crotch ripper rhyme
Here I come-ah, tick tick it's time
For the slim dude to put his foot forth would more 
Would agree, the ripper seems to be, bonjour good
The style flip the script, nast
Show em that your skills are more than rhyme and diggin' ass
People hear the name and equate me to sex
So when I drop bombs, damn do the brother flex
'Cause I'm down for ya
Versatile styles with piles of files that go for miles
C'mon, people, get with the trender
Skin bender, known to render comp, knocked
Clearin' microphones from block to block
With hip-hop I drop and I don't stop
Until the trend men feel it's fit
Get with that nigga named nast, and the fat hems..
I flip on ya
Here to California
Trends are skyborn, flowin, off and on

[Repeat x4]
Off and on!  (there it is, baby pah!)  

I flow off and ahum off and on
Word is bond, from the nigga known night to morn
Hit my sun shout, feel fine, grapevine
With the one-liner, in front or behind a cut
Whaddya say?  what is.. up?
I bust a flow I bust a groove
I bust enough
And from nothin' leaves nothin'
So I just sayin' somethin' to keep the crowd pumpin'
Seems, that, my flow, is fat
So I let a melody go, black
But don't let it come on weak what happens then
Prrrrr-props to the paper, prrrrr-props to the pen
Trends of culture, in the fullest
Hotties come in dozens so you know we can pull, this
Without delay we swing and sway and make the crowds go hey
We like the way the big ones play, whether night or day
Whenever, if I ever get the chance to
Release flavor, like I usually do
With my crew, cause ripper, music of life
And.. yours truly
G, flowin (off and on, off and on, off and on)

[Repeat x2]
Off and on!  (there it is, baby pah!)  

We come with mad styles and whatever
But what else would you expect?  from a trend-setter
Huh, pick up the pace and gimme bass I got the skills to theme
Scroungin' up ? prettiest schemes, by any means
And on the day of the funky drummer
We hear hip-hop nonstop, the newcomers of the summer
Trends we friends, and we go, in they go
And if you only got one blue shoe, you still, flow
Peace to the prankster posse, for not soundin' sloppy
Swift and jeff by the board makin' sure our shit don't sound choppy
Can we adjust, this
Nast help me, bust this

Brother Nast, the rebel!  on another level!
You a boulder, well I'ma crush you down to a pebble!
Off and on the styles come, wreck, check-mate..
Wait on a hot date
Seven nine, six five eight, one
Call me when you're ready to grind
To trends rippin' skills, do it off and on.. rhyme
Trends, can I get a uhhhhhhhhh
(uhhhhhhhhhhhhh!)  leave it to the crotch ripper
To drop from the ball yes I'm, off and on
And off and on

[Repeat x8]
Off and on!  (there it is, baby pah!)