I'm sick of all the shit in 94 so now I'm capping
Fucking with them devils everytime I starts to rapping
Listen to the man cause the man is coming right
P-Dog is in the house until them brothers see the light
But now understand I ain't concern with the bullshit
Cause I know the truth, I see their mothafucking hootprint
Got niggaz tripping of the violence and the 40 ounce
So I call my homies get my strap and go take forty out
That's the way I'm coming so you better tell a friend
Bitch, I ain't your boy so respect me as a man
And niggaz understand that I'm down for whatever
We gotta make it better brothers gotta stick together...
Pay attention to the...

P-Dog
"One time for your mind: Scarface and I thought you knew..."

Pay attention to the...
P-Dog

Death with the record...Death with the record...(repeat twice)

Now house niggaz on the left want to talk shit
Mothafucking devils on the right want to dump a clip
Ever since I broke the grip of shame back in 89
I see tricks tripping all the time like I did a crime
Got me on the news cause they want to hide the truth
But notice that I'm a soldier and I'm coming at the youth
Black guerrilla standing for my folks and I'm proud
This one's going out to the brothers locked down
Now as long as we keep playing by your rules
I'm leaving shit stains on your flag till I'm trought time
After time I bring them mothafucking facts
I'm coming pro-black, understand where I'm at
Take a listen to the...

P-Dog
"One time for your mind: Scarface and I thought you knew..."

Pay attention to the...
P-Dog

Death with the record...Death with the record...(repeat twice)

Never fucking with no dank, cut no drink 
You can keep that shit for the next niggaz 
Slanging with a weak rap, busta-ass bandwagon niggaz
want to be the new gangsta of the week on the street
But ain't got a clue, damn, it's a trip
How them devil-ass labels put everything they got in that shit
But they never push anything real for the good of the community
It should be plain to see, fucking over you and me
So I stay true to the game cause it's on, praise to Allah
Running real for the cause, never underestimate my enemies
But trip on how they operate cause they want to see me slip
As long as I'm living I keep giving you the facts
Bumping when I'm smuggling in the message in the rap
So pay attention now cause I'm about to catch a case
Them mothafucking snakes want to nigga in his place
But I keep on saying...
P-Dog

"One time for your mind: Scarface and I thought you knew..."

Take a listen to the...
P-Dog

Death with the record...Death with the record...(repeat four times)