Don't worry, Kingpin Don Sun Juan
Papi Chulo, the only one, fun
Shake your booty, for my crew FunkDoobie
Yours truly lonely sleestak, kick my duty
Getting groovy, Funk is Sunny to the Boonies?
Black hoodie, they'll say I'm home now boogie
What they told me, bunch of germ tango showbie?
Mango juicy, you know who I be
Latin formanizer, luxury liner
Fly designer, penthouse hind finder
Nothing finer, than this Latin mic sniper
Godiva's know who's hype, who brings it liver

Best guess? at the spanish
Soy, Papi Chulo, muerte la cahdera
Soy, Papi Chulo, muerte la baka, ahh
Baby don't you know I want to be with you
Oh baby let me see your body move

Papi with it, notice how we rush the floor we get it
Yo who did it (he did it) we busting and we watch the D's spinning
This inner zone's forbidden, Daz Dillinger coming
With the force of a cobra, and now you been bitten
Busting to the extreme, show my, broadest and realest
You know me to get the illest, now, can you feel it?
Dope, gangsta FunkDoobie, all in my trunk, every
Time you see me but you won't, check out the way I
Smash stumps to rude comps, what?
Breaking down your doors, for you and yours, say what?
Bronze Tony's baddest status, a mean being
The brother's the toughest and the baddest, 
Check it out

Best guess? at the spanish
Soy, Papi Chulo, muerte la cahdera
Soy, Papi Chulo, muerte la baka, ahh
Baby don't you know I want to be with you
Oh baby let me see your body move

The rugged 'Rican puts five to your blunts and
Congo drumming, counting stacks by the hundreds
Doobie's coming, so don't act stubborn
Girls by the dozen get the toast uncut

Senorita, toast strawberry margarita
Lady like ?man of bring? the pool out the heater
Big cash, no time for laughs when you request
Over for hire, hoes retire, the battle was won
By the rest, we take your chest, intrude a vibe
That is best, game sewed up tight, like a seamstress
Petite, in a long ?spleen skin? skirt, putting it work
Pushing em in the dirt, doing the maneuver, by being a flirt flirt

Best guess? at the spanish
Soy, Papi Chulo, muerte la cahdera
Soy, Papi Chulo, muerte la baka, ahh
Baby don't you know I want to be with you
Oh baby let me see your body move

Papi Chulo, I want to do
The things you do, you make me move
Do what you do when you do
What you do
Baby don't you know
I want to be with you
Whoa baby let me see
Your body move!