From nowhere from nowhere from nowhere from nowhere
From nowhere from nowhere from nowhere 

Okay everybody listen up okay? Craig Mack's in the building alright?
He's on the premises, I need you three on the roof
You coordinate the left wing
He must not get into the terminal to access the "Funk Da World" secrets
I repeat, he must get into the terminal
I want him stopped I don't care what it takes alright?
Move out, now, c'mon let's go let's go let's go!

Yo Mack! There's somebody on the roof man!
Yeah I know man Just another second man
C'mon man, we gotta do this shit!
I know, I'm gettin' the door open man!
Come right now, come right now, come right now
I swear, come right now two more seconds, two more seconds
Look look look look look

Uh!
Yeah son
Shit, the 4-5 man I ain't got the damn
I ain't got the fuckin' modulation
Yeah you got it
Control pads man
You got that
Alright look I need the voice modulation 
Yo hey do me a favor man, set the detonators man
Let's get the f*ck up outta here
Yeah yeah, I got that, I got that
Denied
I set it up so that if anybody gets up in here the whole shit blows
Denied
4-5-76-0-2 look bang!

"Access granted"

Computer! How ya doin' bwoy?
This is the Mack in fullavicious funk flav bwoy, how we goin'?
Initiate code sequence for "Project: Funk Da World"
Dash oh-4-7, 6-9, zero-10
Coming out, ninety-four boom!

Ha bwoy
Kickin'' it Mack, bwoy
Nobody's rappin'' like me and that's clear
I got this mad style, beats from next year
The style, I bring, is shitting
Get used to the format 'cause old one's be quitting
Buckle in for the funk funk funk
And let the king of swingers drive Benz out the trunk
I'm the magnificent, roaster, who's the man?
Run down and low to the promised land
No compromise on my rise
Strappin'' in mad biddly beats, nothin' capsized
So go on, wait 'til fuckin' break of dawn
The new grip is here, Jig will tell you it's on
Mack's back, full effect
But this is my freestyle, so yo wait a sec (ha)
Don't try to push or your fronts might feel it
And if you got size then I gots to reveal
Out comes the chrome and the shiny
With the perfect timing, that thing's for your heiny (Blaow!)
So meet the genuine, keep it on the hush hush
That slow flow ain't the only way I crush
I break it down to stone like Medusa
You lose ta what you ain't used ta
All aboard express train for pain
Bigger than membranes that leave you in stains
Now hang on 'cause my freestyle's a winner
The verse slayer, so say a prayer like your dinner
MC's all know that I'm a menace (I'm a menace)
And I won't finish until you finish (ha)
I come from a life of a corner
Waitin for my house fat pool plus a sauna
Craig Mack's the man 'cause I got it
And ain't a motherfuckin' soul not a motherfucker bwoy
'Cause I'ma boom bash, crash, smash
Your whole program your program ain't worth a damn
The unquestionable, impressionable messiah
Like that John Sparks say, the world is on fire
So take your time 'cause your turn's gettin' closer
The new world's now hell and Craig Mack's the host
Ghost (one)

And now, "Project: Funk Da World" bwoy, ha!
Ha, Mack-a-docious, presents