Die nigga! We are born to die nigga
You've been dyin for 400 years
Niggas know how to die
Niggas don't know nothin' else, but dyin'
Niggas dream 'bout dyin'

I'm a motherfuckin nigga with an attitude
I'm a motherfuckin nigga with an attitude
I'm a motherfuckin nigga with an attitude
I'm a motherfuckin nigga with an attitude

I got a case, of spittin' in a motherfucker's face
So me and my ace, we got a taste
Of a motherfucker's billy club, he took his gun and
Put it to my head and said, "Nigga start runnin'"
So tell me what's the next episode?
Is he crazy, does he want to chase me or waste me?
I thought "Run nigga run" but I caught myself
Because my secondary thought was death
I've got head and heart real, but still a motherfucker said
I want another black motherfucker dead
Niggas ain't good for shit to me
'Cause it's a race for second class, so get your ass
Up against the wall bitch! And then he tried
To jump me but the punk became a victim of a walk by
Fuckin' with Dre, you get a foot up in your asshole
It's just another way to let you know
Nigga send 'em, nigga send 'em, nigga send 'em
Y'all can't f*ck with me! Real motherfuckin' G (You out there?)
Straight from the streets of the C.P.T. (Well clap your hands to what he's doin')
Tellin' you why, real niggas don't die!

I just want to celebrate!
I just want to celebrate!

Real niggas don't die cause they eventually multiply
The niggas I'm with, they take an eye for an eye
Because the times are so wrong, gotta stay so strong
Niggas gotta keep it goin' on and on
And don't let no paleface throw your ass in a snail race
Have your residence occupyin' a jail space
That's what they want to do cause the system is fucked around
I try to let you know with the record that's underground
They don't give a f*ck about a nigga, they would rather pull the trigger
And have you runnin' from barrels smilin' sayin' "Cheese!" ("You out there?")
So nigga get smart and rebel back
I'm not with that black shit so I'm not gonna yell that
All I see is niggas getting harassed
And can't do nothin' about it but get a foot in they ass, yo
But if every nigga grabbed a nine
And started shootin' motherfuckers it would put 'em in line
And that's how it's supposed to be
When a pussy-ass nigga try to f*ck with me
Yo, because it's useless to try
To kill a nigga 'cause nigga a motherfuckin' real nigga don't die!

I just want to celebrate!
I just want to celebrate!

Die nigga, everywhere you go!
Niggas dyin'
Niggas been dyin' for 400 years

(I'm a motherfuckin' nigga with an attitude)

Only the good die young, so that makes me young and bad
Puttin' ass kickings on the niggas that never had
So I guess that makes me tough shit
Straight up gangsta, wrong nigga to f*ck with
So how can a nigga die, when he's causin' the bloodshed
I shoot motherfuckers in the head
Tryin' to make a nigga extinct because they fear me
But never wanna hear me
So I'mma let 'em know how a nigga's livin'
Takin' from motherfuckers cause nobody ain't givin'
A damn thang! To a nigga, a real nigga
So I'm living by the motherfuckin' trigger
'Cause a nigga ain't afraid of bein locked up
I'm out of luck, so why should I give a f*ck?
But they still want to try
To kill a nigga like me but motherfuckin' real niggas don't die!

I just want to celebrate!
I just want to celebrate!

I just want to celebrate!
I just want to celebrate!