Right here, right now?

[Erick Sermon] (Parrish Smith)
Yeah, uh-huh
Uh-huh
Ah y'all know what, that is, yo, uh-huh (e-dub)
Uh-huh, uh-huh, ya know what that is, word up
(wax and tax em) the squadron, pmd, Erick Sermon
(millennium ducats) yo, yo
Def jam

[Erick Sermon]
Excuse me! I'm trying to earn a mere buck or two
Yo my name's e-dub, so who the f*ck are you?
I'm locking it down now, and that's that
I'm the bigga nigga, supreme vigor figure with cap
Hold your gat, I can't control the sound
If the beat grabs you up, then hold yourself down
Captivates, give it raw to the kick and snare
Like, yeah yeah

[Parrish Smith]
I love it when my jewels dangles
Could see stars, like the bangles
When you approach me, address me as Mr. like Bojangles
Death decepticon, bad intentions when we repping on
Microphones, step in the set and start flexing on
Your big man, don't lose focus and watch the quicksand
Kill the drama, my nigga lean on cats, like a kickstand
F*ck it, Erick and Parrish millennium ducats
Fully flossed out, two G's, fisherman bucket

[Chorus: x2]

Who? epmd got checks to cash
What what? drop bombs for the clubs to blast
When? right now, so my crew could flash
Where? right here, get the money and stash

[Erick Sermon]
Hey yo what's that song, that got the average dude
Playing the fool, hitting the bong with cheech and chong
What? me and mic doc rock the spot like we're up
With more technique, than Bruce Lee with num-chuks (wha-tah)
Pure player, my rap flow's athletic
Workout seven albums, rap calisthenics
Epmd now, here to get ya
With a blow, you could of sworn Roy Jones hit ya

[Parrish Smith]
Cats can't hold me, Erick and Parrish, we hold the trophy
Scorn your team all day so I suggest you change your goalie
Cause I'm hype again, with e double, on the mic again
Crack a 40, spark a l, then pop a ? perkadan?
Straight off tiggy, riding shotgun with my niggy
No diggy, e and p tight like lenny and squiggy
Sundullah, no one cooler than the rap ruler
And to the cats out there fronting, yo, you can't fool us

[Chorus]

[Erick Sermon]
Hey yo, stop, drop, and roll, we on fire
And we won't stop rocking til we retire
Who said we out of biz? that there was a liar
I'm Sammy Sosa, and P's mark McGuire
Home run hitters, with black tar beneath the eye
If you wanna hate me, do it now, try
I'm lethal, take it back to epmd third album
And do it for my people

[Parrish Smith]
I jump out the plane and hanglide
Hit the ice and slip-slide
Niggas don't get it, epmd status, correct me if I'm
Mistaken, currently record breaking and still baking
Like Kevin to footloose only difference we keep the system quaking
Dusk to dawn, word is bond
You f*ck with epmd, Erick and Parrish, the shit is on
Cause we roll with a street team that donate posters
Quick to roast ya
Run up with the gat cocked back, clap, and smoke ya

[Chorus]