This time I'ma make a lil', a lil' ah

Come on everybody Tha Likwid crew
Is coming through your town and we're running wild

(Say what?) Alkaholiks in this bitch,
Smoke something, drink something
Run wild, run wild
Niggas, bitches, back again to get it cracking
Smoked a blunt, drunk a brew, turned around and look what happened
(What you working with?) Official party clique
Weed smoking drunk, O.D.B. Bob Marley shit
(We got that shit) so ladies come and get it
Custom-fitted flows for all the hoes that's fucking with it
(Liks coming thick) so where the party at?
You know how we act once we buzzed off that Cognac

What you want to do? (What you want to do?)

What you want to do?
Look who's in front of you, crazy old Likwid Crew

What you gonna do?

Get it popping now
It ain't no stopping now, busters we knocking out
(You must be off that rum) I was born to bust
Some say I cuss too much, but I don't give a f*ck

Where's it coming from?

It's coming from the soul
Hip-Hop and rock'n'roll, we bout to lose control

[Chorus]
We run wild, run wild! Run wild, run wild!
(run, run, run, run)
We run wild, run wild! Run wild, run wild!
(run, run, run, run) [Repeats: x6]

Come on everybody Tha Likwid crew
Is coming through your town and we're running wild

(Run wild) off that gin and tonic
Alkaholiks coming through, smoking all why y'all niggas chronic
(Why you tripping on me?) Straight black and blue
Yo I ain't know homey that bitch I fucked was married to you

Tell me bout your flows

My flow is lethal
J-Swift and Rico smash mics like the repo
(Can we po' some mo'?) Got beer
Listen here, why y'all niggas could fight, but not in here

Whatcha want to do?

Where the smokey smoke?
Man I just broke a note, up in the club I'm choke

What you gonna do?

We came to beat it up
Break it on down and clown, order another round
(Do the damn thing) Please examine the
Way that we damage ya, peace out to Canada
(These fools can't hang) We running wild tonight
With a new style tonight, we bout to

[Chorus]

Come on everybody Tha Likwid crew
Is coming through your town and we're running wild

{"Run run") we go all out to ball out
CaTash be running wild like, who let the dogs out?
(Run wild) break yourself through the maze
We rocking ninety-thousand underground at the raves
(Say what?) Dialogue is strange, I wrote this in the rain
I do what I do then I pop that champagne

Pop that champagne

I rap passionate
Bitch, make yo' breath stink, and house party crashing it

Whatcha want to do?

We came to rock for y'all
And it don't stop at all, we bout to have a ball

Whatcha gonna do?

I want to dance with ya
Pose for the camera, are you a fan of the

L-I-K-S

I like the sound of that
Keep it around the map, hip-hop is coming back

Best from the West

We got the shit tonight
Get with Lik-wid tonight, we bout to

[Chorus]

Come on everybody Tha Likwid crew
Is coming through your town and we're running wild