Yo, if you gonna sleep on something 
Might as well be a bed 
And if your gonna crack a nigga 
Might as well be a head 
'Cause if you targeting the LOX you might as well target a box 
That you gonna sleep in for years all covered with rocks 
'Cause I think not I pop shots I double what y'all got 
Ya hot shots and got blocks ya punta muchacha 
I'm the days of school I mother fucking rule 
I drive my chain and cork ya and keep it cool 
That's the ice B. I'm pricrless. The iciest 
And I don't gotta wear fatigues to blow out your chest 
My bullets thump when I lace this fly shit pump 
And baby I be on it yearly ain't no poppin' the trunk 
But if I, pop the trunk its to hear your rag 
Shit just wipe down my windows,on the side of my jag 
Must I brag, my shit paid for, yours tagged 
And every chick you grab, Sheek been done bagged 

Yo, I hope you ain't tongue kissing your spouse 
'Cause I be fuckin' her in her mouth 
Type of cat that f*ck at your house 
Too slick? Mean she be suckin' my dick 
And before you know it, I'mma have her suckin' my dick 
Jada, if I kiss you now, you die later 
Been nice, since niggaz was watchin' movies on beta 
Ready to clap, everybody giving me dap 
And belive it or not, we be the ones setting the trap 
Listen to y'all shit. Then listen to our shit 
Ain't nothing y'all cowards could do, got this 
That's the reason now, y'all players ain't got shit 
'Cause every time I turn around, y'all on the lox dick 
For those that's narrow, I just smack them with the barrel 
Give it to them after night, like Kains cousin Harold 

[Chorus] 
The Ruff Rifers (what?)
The Ruff Riders
The Ruff Rifers (what?)
The Ruff Riders
The Ruff Rifers (what?)
The Ruff Riders
The Ruff Rifers (what?)
The Ruff Riders

F*ck you and your son 
Ya know when its done 
Show me the money, I show you a gun 
Mother fucker! 
SB'll spin corner while I party with dun 
I clap you I clap him, and that's rule number one 
Suckin' my dick 
And I don't give a f*ck what you spit 
Who you are, where you from, and who the f*ck you can get 
'Cause I sell records, and I got a jail record 
Ya niggas ain't sayin' shit till y'all bare weapons 
And even when your dead, you can still f*ck and get it 
I ride about and smack you, cock back and clap you 
Styles be ya favorite rappers favorite rapper 

Ain't no surprise niggas, only run with recognized niggas 
Baby girl, want the world? Sugar pie niggas 
No tops, take em in all shape and size niggas 
No lie, prefer them ready do or die niggas 
What, what you want 
Cutie starin' at me like "Damn, where you from?" 
You be comin' at me, like "Can I get some?" 
Lick your lips from this brown sugar 
Suck me like a thumb if you want till I cum 

I be the D are, A G, dash O N 
Slash often comma makin' niggas orphan 
They call me Drag-On. I'm hot scortchin' 
Keep the block roastin' 
Like dutch when the flame comes a toastin' 
In my eyes you can see what summers holdin' 
Realize, any guy, broad day, rider 
I burn to a degree of 130 my gun dirty 
'Cause I got one burby, so you better run hurry 
Or catch one early 
You wrong, tryin' to touch me 
What type of shit you on? 
You better throw your boots on, and your un-flameable suits on 
'Cause I'm comin' through in a Yukon 
Black tinted with gats in it 
Catch you while you smokin', send your casket with a sack in it 
Gats only half of it 
'Cause y'all are half ass yo 
'Cause we one whole and y'all niggas, is one slash two 
My gun blast you 
Tryin out the flames. Are your firemen? 
And catch one hell of a back draft, 
'Cause my fire reach higher than 

Its my, survival instinct that keeps my head above the water (what) 
Every day I show another how I love a slaughter (what) 
Plug your daughter 
With more holes than swiss cheese (come on) 
Attack the bitch and stop for the leach (come on) 
With these, I shoot the breeze 
And its thought, enough keys from the cubans to build a fucking fort (what) 
I'm caught up in something that I can't control 
Trying to get a hold of a bank role and stroll 
Catch bodies like a cold. And stay sick (uh) 
So face it, make me chase it, I take your life and erase it (what) 
Waste it, in the fucking streets 
'Cause It ain't worth shit(come on) 
The undertaker take your ass under the earth (come on) 
Quicker, I love money, but the scam is hot (uh) 
So I snatch up my man and hit the gambling spot (uh) 
20 grand is got, one shot and you got less 
What use to his chest, is a mess under his fucking vest.