Welcome to the uh Southside, 
No, uh-uh, I said the Southside of H-Town.
You gotta peep game, you know what I'm sayin 'cause um,
Texas from the south 
And Louisiana from the south 
And Mississippi from the south
Atlanta, Georgia from the south 
 
[Chorus:]
That's why we doin the uh 
South Side, the South Side, yeah 
The South Side, the South Side, everybody do the,
South Side, the South Side, yeah,
The South Side, the South Side, raise your hands and do the 
South Side, the South Side, yeah, 
The South Side, the South Side, 
Shokarock it do the South Side, the South Side yeah, 
The South Side, the South Side,
 
H-town is thowin up the duce 
And givin niggas dab
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab, (uh-huh)
We're thowin up the duce 
And givin niggas dab
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab, (alright)
We're thowin up the duce 
And givin niggas dab 
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab, (what?)
I'm throwin up the duce, and givin niggas dab
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab,
 
[Verse1]
I woke up early, jumped in the butta 
[Versace]sace shades pushin blades, let them four burn rubber.
I swung and I swang, you know that nigga clean.
Hit the Belfort and the [Martin Luther]King, Europeans with the screens.
Bigga fo tank, everything cash
Glass pop red throw the wood in the dash.
Mashin on the gas is a thug like Green.
Prompt for a young I see not in the pin 
Showin naked ass and my stories `bout to kill ya.
Seventeen hundred west appalova silver.
Hit the school zone, fourteen shoocky, 
Caught that lil duce sideways sittin crocked
Pulled in Exxon nuthin less then supreme
Never slippin but I'm trippin candy red on the scene. 
Flossin on the hoes, tossin on them women 
Gotta pop the trunk for that nigga pad lemon 
 
Alright we're thowin up the duce 
And givin niggas dab
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab, (uh-huh)
We're thowin up the duce 
And givin niggas dab
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab, (alright)
We're thowin up the duce 
And givin niggas dab 
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab, (what?)
I'm throwin up the duce, and givin niggas dab
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab,
 
[Verse2]
Ashes to ashes dust to dust, 
Lead in the bus, sweets and tusk 
Mobbin heavy in a Chevy, 
Breaking concrete, Polo on my body and Nikes on my feet.
Hold ya horses these is choices in the presence of a playa 
Buckle up the belt threw the Southern Himalayas
Raise up off the dick , because you see ya nigga glowin' 
Over seas blowin trees with a long esa mowin'.
Mary Jane on the plane ain't a damn thing changed. 
Peace a chain, diamond ring, cause I'm thowed in the game.
Back in nine-five I was broke catchin cabs. 
F*ck 'em all I'm a ball. Chop it up on the slab
 
[Chorus :]
Cause I'm thowin up the duce, 
And givin niggas dab.
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab.
Alright we thowin' up the duce,
And givin niggas dab.
You know the Southside actin bad on the slab.
We do the Southside, the Southside, yeah.
The Southside, the Southside, everybody do the,
Southside, the Southside, yeah.
The Southside, the Southside, yeah.
 
Raise yo hands, so so high, rub ya head, and do the Southside.
Do the shockin' and the rockin', from left to right,
Look fly, get high with ya swisha rolled tight.
I might just do, the Southside with you, 
It's easy and new, break it down and jam it screwed.
Draws stankin curls if that's the way you hit 'em
Movin' side to side with ya motion and ya rhythm, 
You still in move, stay in the groove 
Keep your high and you really can't lose 
I'm a lift my head, and keep my pride 
And let the whole world do the damn Southside.
 
We doin' the Southside, the Southside, yeah 
The Southside, the Southside, everybody do the,
Southside, the Southside, yeah,
The Southside, the Southside, raise your hands and do the 
Southside, the Southside, yeah, 
The Southside, Southside, 
Shokarock it do the Southside, the Southside yeah, 
The Southside, the Southside
It feel good to do the Southside,
 
[Verse 4:]
The Southside ain't threw. 
The Southside it's here new and it's screw.
And it's me Lil' Ke' and the Hershalwood click.
If you don't like it get up off the Southside dick.
Smoke another blunt,
Pull another stunt.
Jammed down in the front on a million dollar hunt.
So raise your hands,
And open up wide,
And get yo ass fucked the whole Southside. 
Yeahhhhhh