Ay, mira hombre, por qué me tiras el poble sobre la cara, qué pendejo este, ay

Yo, hit that
Would you like a drink with me?
(If you don't mind, can I talk to you if it's all right?)
I want your body close to mine
(All night, while we're dancin' in the moonlight)
We could spend the night in ecstasy
(Kissin', touchin', caressin')
You know that you don't have to leave (tonight)
Sayin', "why didn't I go home with you tonight?" (ah ha, yo)

In fresh form out of town
Just breezed in, so I thought I'd take a look around
And find a party where the vibe is right
I'm talkin' maybe meet a honey, take her home tonight
So, shades on, top's off the whip
Takin' in the sights as I cruise the strip
As I pull up to a red light
I see this pretty little shorty in my headlights

This girl looked half black, yet half oriental
Man, this chick's got class and style
I'd like to ask her for her credentials
Name, address, numbers to dial
She plays tough when deep down she's gentle
It ain't hard to read the signs
This girl bangs like Dre instrumentals
Well, here's an acapella of mine

Girl, would you like a drink with me?
(If you don't mind, can I talk to you if it's all right?)
I want your body close to mine
(All night, while we're dancin' in the moonlight)
We could spend the night in ecstasy
(Kissin', touchin', caressin')
You know that you don't have to leave (tonight)
Sayin', "why didn't I go home with you tonight?" 

Scene two, all up in the club
Got my game tight, about to tear it up 
Could be a night that I won't forget
Boy, I'm lookin' for a honey, and I'm confident
I was dancin', but I had to stop
When I clocked this fly girl wearin' a halter top
She had her hair done, nails right
This señorita had a booty that was so tight

She was a hot girl who looked continental
Damn, her body looked so fine (looked so fine)
The way she spoke I saw her potential
If looks could kill, then she'd do time (she'd do time)
I don't claim to speak perfect Spanish
But I do know a few lines (a few lines)
This female's slicker than your average
And I gotta make her mine 

So, quieres beber conmigo?
(If you don't mind, can I talk to you if it's alright?)
Quiero sentir tu cuerpo
(All night, while we're dancin' in the moonlight)
Haz el amor conmigo
(Kissin', touchin', caressin')
Ya no me dejes solo tonight
Sayin', "why didn't I go home with you?"

(Yo) tonight, I'm from a distance admirin'
Girl, you're lookin' so vibrant (oh, oh)
And I dig the way you move your body
Let's get out of this party
Maybe we can get naughty
Say bye, bye, girlfriends
'Cause just in a minute we'll be gone if we're in sync
(Yo, can we dance?)

Would you like a drink and some lovin'?
But leave your husband at home
Unless he want a bump on the dome
Come along, rub alongside me
Put your phone on silence, just breathe
What you're doin' is right, what I'm doin' is wrong
Only time I do right is when I'm doin' a song
So, expect your ex to exit the area
Exterior vex, perplex by the sex
What you drinkin'?
Drink's on me, find me on drink and a drink on me
You can ride next to me, girl, it's ecstasy
Here's somethin' for your ex to see
It's messed up how I slide up your thigh with my right hand
You want to ride all night, then I can 
Don't be shy of just one one-night stand, now, let's go

So would you like a drink with me? (Oh oh)
(If you don't mind, can I talk to you if it's all right?) If you don't mind
I want your body close to mine
(All night, while we're dancin' in the moonlight)
We could spend the night in ecstasy (in ecstasy)
(Kissin', touchin', caressin')
Yeah you know that you don't have to leave (tonight)
Sayin', "why didn't I go home with you tonight?" 

So, would you like a drink with me?
(If you don't mind, can I talk to you if it's all right?) 
I want your body close to mine (close to mine)
(All night, while we're dancin' in the moonlight)
We could spend the night in ecstasy
(Kissin', touchin', caressin') (just with me)
You know that you don't have to leave (tonight)
Sayin', "why didn't I go home with you tonight?"