(Oh yeah!)
(Tied to my telephone line)
Zero-five-eight-nine, telefunkin' line
If they call, and my line is jumpin'
I'm just telefunkin' (telefunkin?) Yeah (you got me telefunkin)

Callin' you up around quarter past two
Breathin' all heavy, ''cause I know it's you
And rappin' soft and sweet, makes you freak
Stayin' on the line till I get ya weak

Now I'm gettin' over ''cause my funky style
Get you so excited, that I drive you wild
And I can ring your bell, hard as hell (well!)
Make you want to find somebody to tell

I've got the fever for your flava (yeah-yeah)
And I'm spendin' (yeah-yeah) all of my time (yeah-yeah)
''cause I'm addicted to you baby, tied to my telephone line (tied to my
telephone line)
(Well) So tell all my friends...

 That if they call, and my line is jumpin'
 I'm just telefunkin' (telefunkin?) Yeah (you got me telefunkin)
 If they call, and my line is bumpin'
 I must be telefunkin' (telefunkin?) Yeah (you got me telefunkin)

Grindin' on the groove, I can get you off
You don't have to tell me when you've had enough
''cause I can keep you played, drop that shade
And make you feel so good, you don't remember your name

Now I'm gettin' over with my soft sex style
I can put it to you, make you go buck wild
And I can ring your bell, soft as hell
Make you want to find somebody to tell

I've got the fever, for your flava (yeah)
And I'm spendin' (yeah-yeah) all of my time (yeah-yeah)(come on)
Addicted to your lovin', tied to my telephone line (tied to my telephone
line)
(Telefunkin'?) So tell all my friends...

 That if they call (if they call), and my line is jumpin'
 (I'm just) I'm just telefunkin' (telefunkin?) Yeah (you got me
telefunkin)(yeah-yeah)
 If they call (if they call), and my line is bumpin' (I'm bumpin')
 I must be telefunkin' (I'm telefunkin')(telefunkin?)(telefunkin')
Yeah (you got me telefunkin)

Zero-five-eight-nine, telefunkin' line
You be gettin' your kick
I be gettin' mine
Hot for your spot, got me flowin' for the season
Like L.V. you be givin' me the reason
I'll weak an' you that I seek an'
Hot what ya got - me mad freakin'
We love like beats for the case
Telefunk flava, mad rockin' up the place

''cause I'm addicted to ya, Baby, tied to my telephone line (tied to my
telephone line)(Well)
So tell all my friends...

 That if they call (if they call), and my line is jumpin'
 I'm just telefunkin' (telefunkin?)('till daylight) Yeah (you got me
telefunkin)('till daylight)
 If they call (if they call), and my line is bumpin' (Ooh I'm just
telefunkin')
 I must be telefunkin' (telefunkin?)(Oh)(telefunkin') Yeah (you got
me telefunkin)

You got me, Baby
Got me telefunkin', Baby (tied to my telephone line)
You got me, Baby
Got me telefunkin', Baby