Oh shit! Jumped on my man's dick
Heard he had a twelve inch, now the bitch is lovesick
Who's to blame, the guy or the groupie?
Heard I was down with D.you., now she wants to do me
Ooh-wee! This is the life
New bitch every night, never tripped off a wife
It ain't right, but it's cool how they come quick
Don't try to flip with the lip 'cause I run shit
Hip hip, hooray for the AK
Spray when I lay competition, what a great day
Make pay, next is the wet sex
Hexed with the vex now they wreck with the complex
I'm set, wonder what I tote, check
Bloody as a coat-check, snappin' motherfuckers necks
Revenge so sweet when it comes from
Niggas get done with the drum, watch my foes run
Nigga keeps comin' when they can't slip
Full of that shit, another hit from Tha' Lunatic

Yeah, f*ck that God! Word up
Blowin' niggas out the motherfuckin' frame yaknahmsayin?
Constantly, f*ck that trick, we ain't havin' it

Leave me the f*ck alone, you gets none of this
It's suicidal, you lose your title like Doug-las
'Cause I'm nothin' nice and, I'm icin' like Tyson
I'm grippi' the mic and, my DJ is slicin'
I'm tired of motherfuckers steppin' to me with the SAME OLD
Tryin' to do me like Nintendo
How the f*ck you think I ever got this far?
By bootin' motherfuckers like a shootin' star
'Cause I'm out to show, that I'm a dope MC
Think crack had you fiendin', wait'll they get a load of me
Bitches on my dick, like a motherfuckin' 'conda
Niggas wanna flip, let 'em step, and I'll bomb 'em
See somethin' you want, why don't you come and get it
And then get waxed and taxed, like the government
Then I leave you sittin' there, wonder where your money went
While your bitch is callin' me, tellin' me to come again
Nigga I'm loc'ed, when I smoke, from the indo
But we can be friends though, after you get broke like a window
That's what you provoked, and now you're smoked out
Lookin' like a bitch, 'cause your whole fuckin' posse, broke out
Punk motherfucker couldn't roll on
He couldn't hold on, game is too strong, nigga
Leave me the f*ck alone, you gets none of this
Feel the wrath  and revenge of Tha' Lunatic

Yeah Tu', tell them motherfuckers, word up
We ain't havin' it, none of that shit!
Bitch ass niggas, niggas can't f*ck with us Tu', word up
Ninety-one, we takin' this WHOLE motherfucker over
Niggas got problems in ninety-one
Ninety-two, and ninety-three
And all that other shit, word up!

Recognize game when it smacks your bitch I'm back to rip
Puttin' this on the map with this mackin' shit
Time will tell if it's made well
Well I raise hell and excel 'cause it pays well
Jordan couldn't dunk it any harder, pump it any farther
I'm funky, that's word to the father
Act like you know 'fore I thump, the bolo
Thought you was a pimp, now you're simpin' for my solo
Oh no, not another new jack, swearin' that he's ruthless
Ducked, and now he's fucked and left toothless
I can hear the fear in your flow, you ain't prepared
You're scared and you're bound to go
It's somethin', I guess I let the beat keep bumpin'
Stop trippin' off these niggas 'cause they ain't about nothin'
Or should I say Nay'thin
Punk put my tape in, f*ck all the fake-in
I'm sick of the bullshit
Come equipped and get ready to rip
Or get the dick of Tha' Lunatic

Ah yeah! F*ck that! (the motherfuckin' lunatic)
YouknowhatI'msayin? Yes Tu'!
Tell them niggas what time it is knahmsayin?
(punk motherfuckers, get the dick of the lunatic)
Niggas can't f*ck with us, word up
Bitch ass niggas, F*CK 'em!

F*ck all them niggas
I'm tellin' these niggas that they ain't got 
Naythin on a nigga like me
We squashin' these punk motherfuckers in ninety-one
Ninety-two ninety-three  and SO on
So let the beat float on
While I spray these punk bitches
With these dope ass lyrics
Thanks to Poppa for supplyin the dank
Now it's money in the bank
And all y'all niggas shit stank
Compared to this shit

F*ck y'all punk bitches!
Tha' Lunatic