Bitch I see you, cause you know I know you
Yeah I know you.

Last time I saw you
You was brewed up, booed up, ready for a new f*ck
Last time you saw me, I was P-I to the motherfucking M-P WHAT!
And lately I heard you a broke bitch living in the lower class suburb
And lately the word is I live in a suburb and I don't f*ck with birds
She used to pump on the block
Sell a nigga rocks, bail a nigga out, but!
She tried to plot on a nigga, vacant lot one shot bitch died go figure
He used to pay this bitch, gave her lots of shit
F*ck's wrong with this nigga man?
He used to bring her through the hood
Treat the bitch to fucking good, my opinion
We used to blaze with the bitch, faded off the lick she x-rays the clip
This nigga bought braids for the bitch
Louis Vuitton kicks and tricked on some sucker shit
Meanwhile in the hood she driving around good
This bitch thinks she's in Hollywood
Meantime she setting the nigga up
Telling us what his stuff she's ready to get him stuck WHAT!

[Chorus]
Thick thighs but she full of surprises
I swear this bitch is Shady (that's what I know)
Sex on her mind all the time
And you think that that's your baby (you don't know)
You a good guy that's living a lie
But she dove and played your safety (it's what I know)
If you cool and she satisfied
How come that bitch just paged me? (you don't know)

We had to ride on a nigga
Watch him! for the right time to get richer
We decided when the hit was, run up on him, .45 in the ribs what!
This nigga screamed like a bitch
Showed us what his shit hit her, hell of a lick but!
The bitch, who told us bout the bricks exposed us to the nigga
He knew that we'd come BUT! 
Meanwhile in his hood, his niggas is suiting up and 'Timbed', looted up
Rims and new trucks your man 'Living It Up'
Then a van with no hubs suddenly pulled up and erupt
Shot a nigga the f*ck up
Just my luck, the bitch got us both touched, it's like a rush
The bitch who blushed and smoked blunts wit us
Turned out to be nuts, switched up
Mixed up wit the wrong slut
Got my friend zipped up in the bag, it's all bad
My niggas got my back, in fact
They caught on her Ave, flossing in another nigga cab

[Chorus]