Ah yeah..(ah yeah)..it's real.
Gonna put it down.	all these little crime thangs,
Homeless, the world is crazy bwoy
It's like this

It's the way it is
Heavy out there.. it's heavy.

Was i really such a bad child that i deserved to get hit with boards
And whooped with extension cords?
Did you forget that i was your creation,
And all i wanted from you all was love, hope, and motivation?

Son, you're disrespectful and you're talking back,
Get out my face, kicked me out the house
And wouldn't even let me plead my case.
Now i'm homeless and i'm freezing like the morgue,

The only thing keepin me alive is the lord
Needless to say it's times like this i'd rather be locked up then
Drinkin water out my hands and eatin out of garbage cans
Can i come back home, huh could i?
Son, you're on your own, why should i?

[Chorus]
Things will never change, that's just the way it is
Nobody's even concerned
Some things will never change, that's just the way it is
When will we ever learn?

Huh. three years from now, i think i'm gon be straight, (straight)
I put my name on the list for section 8
Tried out for the army but i was flat footed,
Didn't do no harm to me, 'cause i was used to it

If i apply for some work, let's make a bet,
I'll get the nine
'Cause i don't know about the internet
What do you think we need to do to change about this nation?

Need to provide more jobs and better education
Nuclear weapons (puh) should be stopping crimes,
Already got enough to blow the world up
A thousand times

The birds and the bees, deadly disease,
Teenage pregnancies, std's

[Chorus]

A-wuh a wait a minute, i hear sirens
Oh that's the couple down the street
Domestic violence
Either them or the little girl in 306

She's always telling everyone that she gon slice her wrists
I guess that's the way it is in the life of sin
Where you'll probably end up dead, or in the pen
But my family ain't no better than the next

My auntie brenda turned her own sister in
For writing bad checks
And save folks try to hit you where it hurts
Knowin' they the biggest hypocrites in the church

We need to give our minds a bath and
Do some scrubbin'
Stop the hate and start the lovin'

[Chorus: x4]