“Street Science, you’re on the air
What do you feel when you hear a record like Tupac’s new one?”
“I love Tupac’s new record”
“Right, but don’t you feel like that creates,
Ah, Tension between East and West?
He’s talking about killing people,
‘I had sex with your wife’ and not in those words.
But he’s talking about, ‘I wanna see you deceased’

No doubt, to live and die in LA
California, what you say about Los Angeles
Still the only place for me
That never rains in the sun and everybody got love

To live and die in LA, where everyday we try to fatten our pockets
Us niggas hustle for the cash so it's hard to knock it
Everybody got they own thang, currency chasin'
Worldwide through the hard times, worrying faces
Shed tears as we bury niggas close to heart
Who was a friend is now a ghost in the dark,
Cold hearted bout it Nigga got smoked by a fiend
Trying to floss on him, blind to a broken man's dream,
A hard lesson, court cases keep me guessin',
Plea bargain, ain't an option now, so I'm stressin'
Cost me more to be free than a life in the pen
Making money off of cuss words, writing again
Learn how to think ahead, so I fight with my pen
Late night down Sunset liking the scene
What's the worst they could do to a nigga? Got me lost in hell
To live and die in LA on bail

(My angel sing) To live and die in L.A.
It's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it
What everybody wanna see

To live and die in L.A
It's the place to be.
You've got to be there to know it
What everybody wanna see

It's the City of Angels and constant danger
South Central LA, can't get no stranger
Full of drama like a soap opera, on the curb
Watching the ghetto bird helicopters, I observe
So many niggas getting three strikes, tossed in jail
I swear the pen the right across from hell
I can't cry 'cause it's on now,
I'm just a nigga on his own now, living life thug style
So I can't smile, writing to my peoples when they ask for pictures
Thinking Cali just fun and bitches
Better learn about the dress code, B's and C's
All them other niggas copycats, these is G's
I love Cali like I love women
'Cause every nigga in LA got a little bit of thug in him
We might fight amongst each other, but I promise you this
We'll burn this bitch down, get us pissed

(To live and die in LA) to live and die in L.A.
It's the place to be (Let my angel sing)
You've got to be there to know it
What everybody wanna see

To live and die in L.A.
It's the place to be
You've got to be there to know it
What everybody wanna see yeah

'Cause would it be LA without Mexicans?
It's black love brown pride and the sets again
Pete Wilson trying to see us all broke, I'm on some bullshit
Out for everything they owe, remember K-DAY
Weekends, Crenshaw, MLK
Automatics rang free, niggas lost they way
Gang signs being showed, nigga love your hood
But recognize and it's all good, where the weed at?
Niggas getting shermed out
Snoop Dogg in this motherfucker perved out,
M.O.B. Big Suge in the Low-Low, bounce and turn
Dogg Pound in the Lex, with a ounce to burn
Got them Watts niggas with me, OFTB
They got some hash took the stash left the rest for me
Neckbone, Tre, Head Ron, Punchy too
Big Rock got knocked, but this one's for you
I hit the studio and drop a jewel, hoping it pay
Getting high watching time fly

(To live and die in LA) to live and die in L.A.
It's the place to be (Let my angel sing)
You've got to be there to know it
What everybody wanna see

To live and die in L.A.
It's the place to be (to live and die in LA)
You've got to be there to know it
What everybody wanna see yeah

This go out for 92.3
And 106
All the radio stations that be bumping my shit
Making my shit sells katruple quitraple platinum
This go out to all the magazines that supported me (to live in die in LA)
All the real motherfuckers (to live in die in LA)
All the stores, the mom and pop spots
A&R people, all you all motherfuckers (to live in die in LA)
LA, California Love part motherfucking Two
Without gay ass Dre (to live in die in LA)

(To live in die in LA)