[Chorus]
I'm in the street, yeah Scrappy touchin' err'thang
I'm in the mall, man Scrappy snatchin' err'thang (Yup)
When I'm in the club catch me smokin', drankin' err'thang
Swear to God I ain't lyin' man, I put dat there on err'thang
You already, you already know (Huh, huh!)
You (You) already, you already know (Whoa!)
You already, you already know (It's ya boi Scrap, haha)

Soon as I wake up I'ma say my prayers
Then I look up in the closet to see what I'm gon' wear
I got the (G's Up) shirt, with the (G's up) chain
Got the G-Unit shoes, dat's whudd I'm talin'bout mayn'
I hit the showa, hit the charga
Put the key up in the starta
Hit the mall-a, with my niggas
Git the broad up, bend the cone then I holla
Tha fuckin' hardest, 'cause I'm a mothafuckin' balla
I'm gangsta, dat's whudd it is and you gon' love it
F*ck bein' on TV, I'ma show my ass in public
Shawty it's nothin', you know the young nigga buckin'
You ask 'bout me shawty and this what they say
I'm the wildest young nigga in the, A (Sho'nough)
Throwin' money in the bay 'cause I'm paid (Hol' up)
I went and spent 45 on my mouth (Hunned?)
Nawh, 45 thou' (Damn!), Shawty just look at my smile

[Chorus]

So whudd it is? Man, you already know whudd it is
What's the deal? You already know whudd it is
Now whudd it is? You already know whudd it is
Whudd it is? You already know whudd it is

You can catch me in the club gittin' drunk as usual
Tha ol' wildin' nigga just be so crucial
A couplah groupies with some big ass booty's
Sloppy ass drunk, trynnah do somethin' to me
I'm like, Babydoll hold up, gitcha mind right
I'm lookin' atcha face, Yeah I mean you aight
Ya body off the chain, but ya head fine
Say you ain't a freak, You's a Goddamn lyer (Aye)
I'm on the goose, trynnah git loose
Gotta squad full of niggas dat'll git atchu
Don't got me wrong my nigga, on dat role down home
Even though we in the club, you can git dat chrome
I see ya poppin' at the mouth (Who you talkin' 'bout?)
I ain't got bread at the house (Now who you talkin' 'bout?)
All dat mean muggin' and dat mumblin' (Who you talkin' 'bout?)
When I start bussin', start runnin' (Dat's whudd I'm talkin' 'bout)

[Chorus]

So whudd it is? Man, you already know whudd it is
What's the deal? You already know whudd it is
Now whudd it is? You already know whudd it is
Whudd it is? You already know whudd it is

Now when ya back touchin' ya stomach
I can teach her sunumics
A hunned miles and runnin', the realest who eva' done it
Them hatas make me vomit, wishin' my sales plumb it
They mad 'cause I hit the mothafuckin' block gunnin'
Stuntin'! Put 'em wheels on 'em twenty sixes
Bitches! one to the truck to see who in it
A minute, his limo tinted watch you sayin' nigga?
Oh yeah we make plays, on the radio, we ain't playin' nigga
Tha kush and the peels (I got it!)
I put the push to the deal (I got it!)
8 karat Bentley on the wrist (How bout it?)
I bought the coup' just to match and (Hop out it!)
Yeah I mean every word
Gotta machine with a bean dat'll clean ya whole curb (Aye)
Scrappy, tell 'em, we G'd up
From the feet up, the block need us

[Chorus]

So whudd it is? Man, you already know whudd it is
What's the deal? You already know whudd it is
Now whudd it is? You already know whudd it is
Whudd it is? You already know whudd it is