Yeah,
Yeah,
Whats he gonna say?

You wanna be like me son get a change of plan,
I don't hardly see my dawgs, get a hand, pick ma fam
Confused, feelin' used, tryin' to rearrange plans,
'Cause I've got a Rolex but no time on my hands, 
Made a transition from a boy into a man,
Step one never mix ya business and fam,
Haters say I changed,
But I can't disagree,
'Cause the figures damn Skippy ain't the same in the bank, and I just wanna say thanks,
To those tryin' to pull me down,
I was born to be fly I don't like the ground, so don't tell me stay grounded,
I'm good in my town,
And when I was blue you just went around.
I shouldn't know stress at my age,
Money came around me then everybody changed,
Fools say they know me from ya dawgs, 
Stop tryin' to call me by my government name

'Cause it's all chipmunk now,
You can blow after,
It's Chipmunk now,
It's Chipmunk's time,
Chipmunk's in his prime,
And only Chipmunk can take Chipmunk's shine!

I made a transition,
I made a transition.
You can say I made a transition.

I'm feelin' like I found myself but lost my mind,
They wanna take my life I take my time,
I'm hair and flesh but lost my life my privacy went up in the sky,
When I signed I,
Grinned to six figures then I grin teeth airing all the tag alongs like bring me,
I never breaded no one when I was working,
So hate me if you want but don't say I don't deserve it,
Understand the position I played then,
Understand the transition I made then, go and picture me back in the days then,
Look at me now and get mad,
They just wanna get fly although now I'm jet lagged,
Now everybody step back,
I'm on the next ting,
It's not a bless ting,
They're number two,
I'm on some next shit,
First place that's the first base, suicide that's the worst case,
That's when you're whole life time is tryin' to get your dough up,
And then you blow up and blow up,
No escalators, stairs, and I'm still tryin' to step up,
But I think it's tryin' to handle the pressure,
I can't let the game slip away,
When the UK roots for my name,
Shame 

It's all Mr. Monk now,
You can blow after,
It's Mr. Monk now,
It's Mr. Monks Time,
Mr. Monks in his prime,
And only Mr. Monk can take Mr. Monk's shine! 

'Cause it's all chipmunk now,
You can blow after,
It's Chipmunk now,
It's Chipmunk's time,
Chipmunk's in his prime,
And only Chipmunk can take Chipmunk's shine!

I made a transition,
I made a transition,
You can say I made a transition. 

Being successful, that's a gift and a curse,
Being paid or being broke I know what's worse,
And people at the bottom say that,
You forgot your roots but,
That's always the case when you rise from the dirt,
And preparation is the key to elevation,
But them man are too busy hating debating,
If I sound better on some grime shit,
Half of them don't even know what grime is,
It's all timing, even though I blew quicker than your average,
I came through slicker than your average,
'Cause yeah I'm not you're average spitter,
Any tempo or instrumental,
Flows mentors straight jacket worthy, conspiracy they put in to merk me,
If I'm not fire how could you burn me,
Insultin' how could you out me,
I'm so truth how could you doubt me,
Allow me. 

'Cause it's all me now,
You can blow after,
It's all me now,
It's all me time,
It's all me in my prime,
And only I can take my shine! 

(Yeah, yeah) (yeah, yeah) 
(You can say I made a transition) (ha ha ha) (eh)