Sample: "This is a journey upon which we shall make some remarkable discoveries 
of that inner realm that is part of your consciousness this
very moment."

Sample: "123"
Sample: "...this is the take"

please let me introduce you to a brand new idea 
it ain't like your stupid car because it don't come from korea
i won't charge you for this tip but you can take it to the bank
and when your whole life starts to turn around, you'll know who to thank

thank god for mc nine oh oh, will be the first thing you say
when you are jumping out of bed, at the start of every day
dropping on your knees while you are calling out my name 
saying thank you thank you thank you 
and you'll bless the day i came into your life

which up to this point had been a big fat joke
that you were playing on yourself but now its time you awoke 
from this dream you've been having and confront reality 
so shut your mouth for one minute and play attention to me

Sample: "pay attention", "say what?"
'cause I'm going to reveal the secret of my success
so now you can share in my continued happiness
you will know the blissful peace of all the masters of old
and everything you touch will turn to fourteen karat gold

it's an easy four word sentence
that's the key to all your dreams 
so for now on you don't have to worry about no complex schemes 
your life will be a simple game that you will always win
and for every dollar that you spend, the bank will pay back ten

and i know you are starting to say
why don't he stop beating around the bush
well i'll get there when i get there
there ain't no need to push
'cause the point I'm trying to make contains my whole philosophy
so listen to what i tell you and repeat it after me

truth is out of style (out of style) (say what?)
truth is out of style (out of style) (say what?)
truth is out of style (out of style) (say what?)
truth is out of style (out of style) (say what?)

sample: "truth." "is out of style"
sample: "yo won't you tell them what your name is"
i hear what you're saying, mc 900ft jesus exactly how 
did you come to the conclusion that truth is out of style?

well i was on my way to work one day when i spied a rocket ship
some aliens abducted me and took me on a trip
to a previous existence on another astral plane
i met a real nice lady there name shirley maclaine

the truth is not an obstacle for someone such as me, she said
because you see we all create our own reality
and if a problem should arise
the best thing you can say is
don't worry, be happy, and have a nice day

well i thanked her very kindly for the excellent advice
she said she'd bill me later at a reasonable price
then the aliens brought me back and beamed me down into this bar
but i could not go to work because bigfoot stole my car

sample: "i know a mother fucking bigfoot when i see one"
truth is out of style (out of style)
truth is out of style (out of style)
truth is out of style (out of style)

sample: "truth." "is out of style."
sample: you possess the ability to control the movement of
the invisible electromagnetic energies of light. you also 
control a mental power over even the gross 
physical objects around you. this concept seems fantastic
yet it has been proven.