[Intro: Gorilla Zoe]
Phone ringing off the hook;
Gotta get my ass up, scale and some bags;
Couple pounds, gotta weigh it up,
Work, work, we can work it out,
If you don't like the mid, then come and kush it out,
Meet me at the trap, yeah it's going down and for a couple grand;
You can get a couple pounds,
I'm talkin' mint green, I ain't talkin' Bobby Brown,
3 for 10 shawty how that sound?

[Hook:]
We get em in (in) then we get em out (out)
If you do ya thang you know what I'm talkin' bout
Shawty I'm just (tryna make a jug) [x2]
Shawty I'm just (tryna make a jug) [x2]
First you get the money
Then you get the clout
We the few niggas still eatin' in the trap
Nigga! I'm just (tryna make a jug) [x2]
Shawty I'm just (tryna make a jug) [x2]

[Verse 1: Zoe]
You need some work? hit me on my chirp,
I be on my way, 4 way 2 way it don't matter any way,
Man I gotta make a jug I'm just tryna make a play (how?)
(Ha ha ha ha)
Sell a nigga hard white clay, on some sheek rock,
Rabbit food, one stop shop, gettin' money, all around the clock,
I be on the block yeah (yeah)
And I ain't talkin' 'bout the studio,
White bitch, yeah I be whippin' up a groupie ho,
All on the stove dog, all in the kitchen,
Hit the block with the bags
And that bitch get missin',
Arm and hammer, b12,
Yeah dog I'm trippin',
When that bitch lock up
Then the money start flippin'

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Big Gee]
(What's up dawg? I'm here, I'm here... ugh!)
I'm tryna turn a quarter ounce to a quarter cake,
I'm in a duece in a quarter at a quater 8,
Set 45 drankin on a 45, doin 45
As I circle round the proper place (stop), Chrome 45 on me, 9* on my waist,
45 grams show lil' somethin for the 8, 800 dollars half for it water weight,
Hell I'm just tryna make jug what you tryna say?
Big gee! hell yeah! how ya'll niggas really live?
Tryna get a hundred mill searvin' out the window seal,
Big gee! hell yeah! catching jugs for my meal,
Eye ball f*ck nah put my shit up on the scale and chop it up!

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Zoe]
Man I'm just tryna make a jug
Tryna get up off that goods,
Man I really am connected if my connect ain't in the hood,
I get the keys to the coca, then I mix it with soda,
I get pounds of the mocha, then tell my patnas' to roll up
(yeah I'm connected nigga) Yeah I speak a little spanish,
Hit the boy from over seas,
Yeah I look a little tanish,
Booty club with a money bag, I be actin' manish,
My money; Big money
Shawty come up out them panties!
Anytime that you me dog I be on the low,
Yeah it's still 4 4 if you wanna brick a blow,
Or a pound of that kush man it's 7 7 0 6 7 8 4 (for) show call gorilla zoe...

[Hook]

[Outro:]
(I'm just tryna make a jug)
Gotta get my ass up, scale and some bags;
Couple pounds gotta weigh it up,
(So what you got? can we work it out man?)
We can work it out (but I don't want that mid shit)
Then come and kush it out,
Meet me at the trap,
Yeah it's going down and for a couple grand
You can get a couple pounds,
I'm talkin' mint green, I ain't talkin', Bobby Brown,
3 for 10? shawty how that sound? (3 for 10?) shawty how that sound?
(I ain't talkin' bout Bobby Brown?) shawty how that sound?
(Man you don't see a frown shawty how that sound?)