You punkasses you's a harlot Scarlet, 
Like Hester Prim my new motto 
Is test the chin with the head that's hollow and kinda shallow 
It gets real deep like Melanin and skin to bone marrow 

See brothers want to get real
And niggas want to fell caps peel from the hot steel
What the deal? Is this for real?
They say it couldn't be done,

How I can bust one in the sky and jump up and kiss the sun
Son, my son name is AKG 
My daughter MP, 
So hip-hop can continually

Live through my seed 
See now I'm serious y'all
Must be delirious about being hype
Soon as you grab this Mic my felines

Gone have cat claws to your neck
Talkin bout boy you better be tight tonight 
See medusa's who you better be 
Didn't you know the word tight was invented because of me?

Activate the left Side
Light the dynamite up on the right side
Ozomatli's like what?
Droppin motherfuckers to their knees like what?

Activate the left Side
Light the dynamite up on the right side 
Ozomatli's like what?
Dropping motherfuckers to their knees like what?
Vocal Artillery Vocal Artillery

MC's be chasin benjamins
Only afford them dividends
Flavor but here goes a dash of cinnamon
Tryin to act masculine, deep down they feminine

10% of him and 90% of shim
Bomb me like vegan and eat ya like Entenmanns
Taste good There's no need to get sentimental 
The name is Will.I.Am the misdated, 

Black Eyed Peas, Medusa Rocking over the Ozo rhythms
I'll scope you out mid-range, I take full aim
Target MC's like big game
Hand's like real tight, rippin the Mic

Let uncle Kanetic say a rhyme and tuck you in for the night
I came to enhance tracks uplift macs
Leave lines cause when I walk then I'll walk on a path 
A feline who spits rhymes see ausing catastrophes
End up catatonic you half-assed

Activate the left Side
Light the dynamite up on the right side
Ozomatli's like what?
Droppin motherfuckers to their knees like what?

Activate the left Side
Light the dynamite up on the right side 
Ozomatli's like what?
Dropping motherfuckers to their knees like what?
Vocal Artillery Vocal Artillery

I Just want to say how is it going Los Angeles?
Ozomatli from Los Angeles...yeah
I Just want to say? It's like the status quo is still definitely there 
And it's old school and it's...they're not
I mean Los Angeles is a big city

And those politicians are not into going into those communities
And doing real work
You know, and the school system is kind of a wreck
And check out our subway

You know it was a rip off to the taxpayers
And with all the programs came out of the federal literacy programs
A lot of them never would have made it too