Man, you know I love you right?
You just got to be real with me
Is you cheating on me?

Nigga, there you go with that shit again
Baby, you know how I feel about you
I'm trying to make this work
My guys keeping coming to me
Telling me they seeing you and stuff
How this making me look? 
Buying you them rings
Them leathers; getting your hair done every week
Gotta let me know somethin'

Look, if you don't trust me
Why the f*ck is you with me?
Coming at me on some Jay-Z shit
Who you with?
Calling my cell, leaving crazy voicemails
Figured you can get me if you called my girl, Nikki
But she was with me, and I was home at seven fifty
But that was when he got technical with it
Talkin 'bout he called my house at seven fifty-nine
I don't keep up with the time
What the f*ck? 
You think I'm lyin'?
It all comes down to you trust me or you won't
The bottom line is you love me or you don't
And do you need me baby?

Yeah, you know I do
So you believe me, baby?
Yeah, for sure I do
Then he gave me a hug, jumped in the trunk, and went to work
He managed to leave without getting his feelings hurt
So I sat back, flamed up the weed, and thought up
Who the hell done run their mouth and almost got me caught up?

I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
He said: "But I don't usually."
I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
He said: "You know I don't usually"
I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
I be hatin' when you actin' brand new to me
Look, you can't be tellin' people that you doin' me
You gotta keep this, here, between you and me

Look, I feel bad about the fact that you gotta creep with me
When your man be around, you don't speak to me
When my girl be around, I see you peepin' me
When they both ain't around, you be freakin' me
We used to do it secretly
Now you all talk
You tellin' everybody like you want to get caught
I think my girl catchin' on 
'Cause my story keep changin' up
You gotta stop callin' up my crib and hangin' up
Truthfully, if you tellin' people that you doin' me
Then you tellin' me that you don't even want to screw with me
And that's a shame
I can't even do my thang
You get dick, and you go temporarily insane
You think it's a game, but I don't want to play no more
You want to stay, but you can't stay no more
You want to be with K, but that ain't okay no more
You got somethin' to say, but you ain't gotta say no more

I said: "Girl, don't you know what you do to me?"
She said: "But I don't usually."
I said: "Girl, don't you know what you do to me?"
She said: "You know I don't usually."
I said: "Girl, don't you know what you do to me?"
I be hatin' when you actin' brand new to me
I'm a tell your ass now, baby, truthfully
I ain't told nobody that you doin' me

It seem like fine hos is hard to find mostly
The type of girls that give you their whereabouts supposedly
And when you check, they ain't never where they're supposed to be
I learned my lesson; now I only f*ck hos that's close to me
Don't get me wrong; you still gotta live close to me
This ain't a song I made for ugly hos to start approachin' me
You know how this go; I diss hos
I'm very mean now
My roley face green now
I bring your self esteem down

I knew since the day I met you if I would f*ck you or not
So later on I asked my girl how many bitches you got
I never loved you a lot, but then this nigga got turned out
He told his boy that told his boy, and now the word's out
My man approachin' me with rumors that he heard about

But dude a lame
He probably asked you can he work it out?

I swear, y'all, betta keep the game on 'em
Yeah, y'all, now watch me change on 'em
Rule one: never tell your nigga who you fucked
And always smile back if he tell you he in love
Rule two: most men try to control you
Take my advice, 'cause it's so true what women go through
And rule three: you thinkin' he don't cheat and he committed?
He still get invitations from the last girl he been with
Bet his ho be mad; I bet she tell you that he hit it
Just check inside his pocket; find another bitches digits

I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
He said: "But I don't usually."
I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
He said: "You know I don't usually."
I said: "Boy, don't you know what you do to me?"
I be hatin' when you actin' brand new to me
I'm a tell your ass now, baby, truthfully
I swear to God, baby, it should be you and me

Yeah, you know what I'm sayin'
These girls out here be thinkin' they caught up and shit
F*ck that; spend that nigga, yo; you know what I'm sayin'
You catch yourself up; you go to him
Let that nigga come to you with no type of evidence
You ain't got shit on you
I'm a do my thing
Word up, uh
Pimp on, baby