Yo what up son?
Yea happy new years man,you too
Yea but its crazy cold out here right about now man
Yea I'm jus chillin' in the coupe, k'nawm sayin'?
Windows up, drivin' through the city, smokin' an L for dolo
You know how we do
This shit I be thinkin' about is crazy son

What if Notorious was here? What if he was around?
Would all these niggas claim to be king? Who would wear the crown?
Yo, what if 'Pac was still thuggin'? What if he was alive?
Would all these niggas still be screamin' out "ride or die"!
What if Milli Vanilli's record never skipped on stage?
They'd be the illest con niggas in the game today
Yo, what if Jordan never had Scottie?
What if Sammie never ratted Gotti?
What if New York without Giuliani?
What if Mike Tyson fought Ali in his prime?
What if Will Smith got gangsta, and start cursin' rhymes?
What if Erick never met Parrish?
Think they'd be makin' dollas?
What if they neva made candy paint for Impalas?
My down south niggas'll wil' out,word up
My west coast niggas'll wil' out,word up
What if computers shut down for the Y2K?
What if N.W.A never had Dre?
What if Eminem was black? Would he have sold five mill'?
Or would he be one out of five million rappers with no deal?
What if you had to pay for air?
A dollar a breath
Half the hood would fuckin' pass out and choke to death
What if hip hop was banned in fifty two states?
They'd give you five years a piece
For wreckin' cd's and tapes
What if the world stopped?
No more time,f*ck a watch
What if there's no laws
No jails,and no more cops?

Shit is crazy
Shit I be thinkin' about

Yo, it's just questions
That I ask myself
When I analyze the world when I'm by myself
I think some bugged out shit when I'm by myself
Drinkin' weed smokin' Hennessy all by myself
Questions,that I ask myself
When I analyze the world when I'm by myself
I think some bugged out shit when I'm by myself
Drinkin' weed smokin Hennessy all by myself
Its questions that I ask myself

Shit is crazy,shit I be thinkin' about, thinkin' about

Yo, what if Snoop was the President? Shit we'd all be high
Blowin' chronic in the White House, smoke in the sky
What if they neva made the Coupe 5, what would I drive?
Probably a 430 drop, ruthless, wit buggy eyes
What if Red and Meth freestyled and battled on stage?
What if Daz had bald head and Onyx had braids?
What if history was changed? Slavery reversed
Would black ladies see white boys and clench they purse?
What if Diallo Dege is shot, 41 times?
What if the kids was popular that went to Columbine?
What if Ewing would have dunked it, instead of fading away?
The Knicks woulda been the champs, he wouldnta got traded away
Yo what if +Run+ never met +D+ would I'a been an +MC+?
What if its see-lo? You in my rollin' 1,2,3
What if the world stop? No more time, f*ck a watch
What if there's no laws, no jails, and no more cops?

Shit is crazy
Shit I be thinkin' about

Yo, it's just questions
That I ask myself
When I analyze the world when I'm by myself
I think some bugged out shit when I'm by myself
Drinkin' weed smokin' Hennessy all by myself
Questions,that I ask myself
When I analyze the world when I'm by myself
I think some bugged out shit when I'm by myself
Drinkin weed smokin Hennessy all by myself
Its questions that I ask myself

Shit is crazy, thinkin' about

Lookin' out the window
All I see is rain
Feelin' the pain
Gunshots out my window
Ugh,ugh,ugh
Anotha nigga gets slayed
Wit a mots to big
Drinkin' this weed
Smokin' this Hennesey
Ain't anotha like,me
Crazy
F*ck all y'all
F*ck the world
F*ck America