Yeah! Good God!

Yeah, for all you motherfuckers, across the whole entire galaxy
Busta Rhymes, and the whole entire Flipmode Squad
Back at y'all motherfuckers in 1997

Hah, When Disaster Strikes, When Disaster Strikes
Take a look and sit on the sidelines and bear witness
Hah!

On and on, return from the future like a
Cen-tu-ri-on, oh all my af-fi-li-ots
Let's stack another mil-li-on, while you learn on how the words go
To my motherfucking song, watch me puts it on, it
Keeps you open all day long, the way we f*ck shit up
You thinkin', "Something must be wrong!", set the high standards
For corny niggas to get the gong, bleach your ass blonde and
Black your color, back to bronze, on Happy Days, I be the coolest
Nigga, like The Fonz, so spectacular, how I touch
Souls from here to Africa, my Zimbabwe niggas, bangin'
My joints up in they Acura, (Fsssss-fa), OOH! Makin' you feel the
Bump, from bumper to bump-aaaah, drive an imported five
Hundred, in foreign license plate numbers, ha ha, laugh at ya
Oh, me and my passengers, flip ass niggas over quick
Like frying pan spatulas, why do you be wastin' your
Time, being mad at us? Every voice should sing
And help the music sound miraculous!

Yes yes y'all! Flipmode Squad y'all
We reign supreme in 1997
When Disaster Strikes, you will all feel
When Disaster Strikes, you will all see
When Disaster Strikes, you will all bear witness
To The Most High Exalted

Yo, I keeps flows so ridiculous
Rhyme flow taste good like a handful of cherry licorice
Practice your rhyme or be the local practitionist
Well you can try being a doctor, or being a local obstetricianist
See? You can be somethin', quit tryin' to work so
Fuckin' hard towards nothin, this rhyme shit was never designed
For every swollen muffin, yo, I'm sayin
Why y'all niggas think, that y'all could really see my Squad?
And if we hit you hard, that's when you feel the power of the God
Do it right, and big up my peeps, and A-Alikes
On alike, repel, especially feel, "When Disaster Strikes"
Extremely delicate, like the blowin' out of candle lights
The quiet killings of projects niggas, whenever they wanna fight
That type of shit that shine, and blind a nigga eyesight -
Aight? We keepin' it tight, y'all niggas don't want it right?
You will never ever get no wins inside, mi casa
We killin' all impostors, like we kill the cucarachas
Bounce to award ceremonies, like we winnin' Oscars
Rhymin' Rastas', eatin' enough exotic pasta
Ha! Yo! We keep it movin' for all of y'aaaaaaall
Freak y'all niggas out, while I'm makin' y'all niggas faaaaaall
Disaster will hit cha quick, any time you wanna brawl
Perm press a nigga back, peel them off the wall
So tell me, why do you be wastin' your time, being mad at us?
Every voice should sing, and help the music sound miraculous!

Hah, oh yes y'all!
This situation, has now been brought before your very eyes
And as we carry on Flipmode Squad continues to conquer the world

When Disaster Strikes, you will all fear
When Disaster Strikes, you will all bear witness
To The Most High Exalted, hah!