EeeyiyiyiyiyahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-owwse (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
EeeyiyiyiyiyeahtheDoggPound'sinthehou-oww-owse
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)

From the depths of the sea, back to the block
Snoop Doggy Dogg, Funky, yes but of the Doc
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
Follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but don't lose your grip
Long Beach is the spot where I served my cane
Nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to f*ck up shit
And motherfucker I got five on the twenty sack
So I ain't holdin nuttin back
Cuz I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
It's like that and as a matter of fact [rat-tat-tat-tat]
[Yeah, so peep out the manuscript
What's my motherfuckin name?
You see that it's a must we drop gangsta shit]

[Chorus]
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (yeah yeah yeah)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog)

It's the bow to the wow, creepin and crawlin
Yiggy yes y'allin, Snoop Doggy Dogg in

The motherfuckin' house like everyday
Like I said, niggaz can't F*CK with this
Droppin' shit with my nigga Mr Dr. Dre
And niggaz can't F*CK with that
Shit that I drop cuz ya know it don't stop
Mr. One Eight Seven on a motherfuckin' cop
Tic toc never the glock just some nuts and a cock
Robbin motherfuckers then I kill dem blood claats
Cuz I'm Snoop Doggy (who?) Doggy (what?) Doggy [Dogg]
Then I step through the fog and I creep through the smog

[Chorus]

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyoyoyoyoyoyo
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)

Now just throw your hands in the motherfuckin' air
And wave the motherfuckers like ya just don't care
Yeah roll up the dank, and pour the drank
And watch your step (why?) cuz Doggy's on the gank
With the Dogg Pound right behind me
My bank roll's on swoll
My shit's on hit, legit, now I'm on parole, stroll
And up in yo bitch, is where ya might find me
Layin' that, playin' that G Thang
She want the nigga with the biggest nuts, and guess what?
He is I, and I am him, slim with the tilted brim
What's my motherfuckin' name?

[Chorus]

Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (the bomb)
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg
Snoop Doggy, Do-owww-ohhhh-oggg (Dog)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (the bomb)
Da-duh-da-da-dah
Do-do-do-do, doo-doo-doo-da-dahhh! (Dog) (the bomb)
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg, Doggy Dogg
Bowwowwowyippyyoyippyyay, bowwowwowyippyyo (the bomb)
What is, his name? Snoop Dogg, and the Dogg Pound
Ohhh, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (the bomb)
(Dog) (the bomb)
Yeah yeah (Dog) I know his name
C'mon Snoopy, c'mon Snoopy (the bomb)
And the Dogg Pound
Snoopy Dogg (the bomb) Snoopy Dogg
Snoopy Dogg (Dog)
(Dog, nasty dog, doggy dog)