My first son, isn't he beautiful?
I'm not gonna let nothin', I mean nothin' come between me and him...
God I thank you for my seed, and for that,
I'll raise him right, forever...
Representin' for the fathers that can't see their seeds,
don't worry 'bout it, trust it'll be alright, ya know what I mean?
Ya feel me? Listen up...

Seems like only yesterday, when I first held my baby,
I remember just a feeling of joy...
Well, taken there in an instant, tried my best to fight against it,
just to face the fact she don't want me around...
After ten long years, I refuse to believe,
how could this woman take my baby and run?
No matter what, I'm his father, have every right to encounter,
I want to spend some time with my baby boy, you know, so tell me...

Why you want to keep me from my baby? Sittin' here drivin' me crazy,
I never did nothin' wrong to my child...
You say you want to keep it straight business, tell me girl what is this?
I know I did my half for my child...

As I look into the mirror, so many times I will dream of
wakin' up and standing at your front door, oh yeah...
Just as I was about to knock, somethin' made me say 'stop!
you need to walk away, and it will work out...'
And I cried, I cried, Lord knows I tried to be the bigger man,
not let myself do something wrong, the pain I feel to be prolonged...
And I'm still shocked, how could you be so cruel? 
If you were me, what would you do?
Don't you think he has the right to find out that his daddy loves him, too!!!

Why you want to keep me from my baby? Sittin' here drivin' me crazy,
I never did nothin' wrong to my child...
You say you want to keep it straight business, tell me girl what is this?
I know I did my half for my child...

Why do this to me? What did I ever do to you?
Now I don't care, I'm gonna be there, I want to know my child!!!

Why you want to keep me from my baby? Sittin' here drivin' me crazy,
I never did nothin' wrong to my child...
You say you want to keep it straight business, tell me girl what is this?
I know I did my half for my child...

Yo, son, I just want you to know
that I don't care what's goin' on in your mother's personal life,
all I care about is you, and I love you, and I will love you 'til the day I die,
and just remember one thing...I'm your father...