T.I.P pimpin'
Hey, shawty, why you wanna act like that?
I'm sayin', I'm just tryin' a be nice to ya

[Chorus]
Go and tell a nigga no wit' an ass so fat
Hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh?
Hey, why you wanna go and do that, do that?
Hey, why you wanna go and do that, that, that?
And the relationship been faithful to a nigga, so whack
Hey, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh?
Hey, why you wanna go and do that, do that?
Hey, why you wanna go and do that, that, that?

Can't help but notice how ya glowin', I can see in ya face
Now I just wonder if he know he close to bein' replaced
Swear I treat you like a queen, you put me in his place
So you could give back his ring and the key to his place
Tell the nigga one thing that you need ya space
Tell the niggas one thing you don't need to chase
I wanna kiss you everywhere between ya knees and waist
Hear the sounds that you make and get ya knees to shake
Holla at me in the A, you feel you need to escape
Got a mansion and a gate, you wit' me, and you safe
There's a phantom and a truck wit' 23's to skate
600 G's in the safe, how much cheese it take?
This a chance you need to take, it ain't no need to wait
Say the word, we can leave today, it's somethin' special, and it feel like fate
Hate to make a mistake
How the same thing makin' ya sad makin' ya stay?

[Chorus]

Can he touch it like that and make it feel like this
How he left and came back, and it's still like this
Do he hit it from the back and make you feel it in ya chest
Take advantage of what you concealin' in ya dress
What, he think he too fresh to show you that you the best?
Compliment you on ya intellect and treat you wit' respect
Make you sex till you sweat, tongue kissin' on ya neck
It's been a while since you got it like this I bet
And I can tell you ain't just another bitch I met
Ain't nobody got me open like this not yet
Know you confused, ain't decided which way you should go yet
So how you keep sayin' no when ya panties so wet?

[Chorus]

Hey,
This nigga playin' mind games, man
I think the time came that ya mind changed, ya understand?
Life is like a chess move, you need to make the next move ya best move
Keep it pimpin', ya understand?
Hey,
I mean, you know I'm sayin' 
I showed you how I feel, you know what I'm sayin'
I put myself all the way out there you know
Ball in your court, man, but I just got one question for you
Is you happy?

[Chorus]