Wizzy wow, wow, uh, wizzy wow
Uh, wizzy wizzy wow, uh, wizzy wizzy wizzy wow
Uh, wizzy wow, wizzy wizzy wizzy wizzy wow
Uh, wizzy wizzy wow, wizzy wizzy wow

Drop a top, what's that make you say
Sleep with the top, let that make you say wow
Pop in approach, makin? the industry wow
I can do a baller like 20 seconds like wow

Pick up a trick and the body?s like wow
[Incomprehensible] throwin? the face was like wow
Went to the crib and her mouth dropped like wow
Took off her clothes and then there always was trouble

Yo?, this girl was so kinky like wow
The cranium was crazy, it made me shout wow
Touchin? her clothes with her hands and meanwhile
She got me in her carpet and sweatin? like wow

I can't be greedy, that's not correct, wow
Phat expressin? her to my peeps, that's wow
Hit up my dawg on a two, he hollered wow
He called my cell and said, "I?ll be there on the double"

Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow

Wizzy wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy, wizzy wizzy

I'm with my crew, my niggas, like wow
We all eatin? up bank accounts, it?s like wow
So many Os, six fours, it?s like wow
Where we go, we [Incomprehensible] like wow

Ice and the chains, it?s exotic like wow
Different colored diamonds hypnotic like wow
Ain't no stoppin? us now, we shuttin? it down
How you likin? me now, I got a new style

Shake your ass, and don't you sleep with me now
Wiggle a little, shake ya shit up in the middle
Touch what's really simple, don't get stuck in the middle
I'm a, I'm a fuckin' legend

Keg up to my Os and seven
Any where I go, I'm winnin'
Matrix to keep your ex spinnin'
You know how hard it is gettin'

Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow

Wizzy wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy wow
Wizzy wizzy, wizzy, wizzy wizzy, wizzy wizzy

Stop teasin' me like that, I ain't playin' wit' ya
I'm layin' wit' ya but I ain't stayin' wit' ya
Since you be movin' it like that, think you'll be doin' it like that
When I be throwin' it at you, will you be bringin' it right back?

Wizzy wizzy, that's my condom bitch
She can't cook but she can ride that dick
Know she ain't smart but she got a nice tits
She mess around but that still my chick, wow

Biz-I, is I off the chain
Wizzy wizzy wizzy wow, is it things she ain't
Teddy Riley, Michael Tyler, big trump thang
Million dollars, sunny holler big bucks ma'an

I came to put it down like it's supposed to be
They fall up in my verse knowin' it's me
Star, loud, proud, bitch I'm bugged, wow
Wizzy wizzy wow, yeah