Yeah whassup?
So, I know you know this dude,
So I need you to talk to me
What’s going on? You know what I’m saying
Woman to woman, I think it’s only fair
I already know, so just let me know, you know what I’m saying?
What you know?

It’s going around, y'all been doing your thing
And no matter what I say, it’s not gonna just change things
See I wanna know, no one wants to be cheated on
Can you just keep it real with me, woman to woman

You got me, got me like the feds, checking all the evidence
Checking on where you’ve been
What you’ve been doing
With her, so can we keep it real
I wanna know everything
So girl tell me everything
I ain’t really tripping
But I gotta know (Ashanti) whats going on?

Girl I’ve been in this here long enough
See I’ve been doing this here long enough
So Ima tell you where I stand, I gave my heart to this man ey

He never mentioned he was in a situation,
He told me I was his one and only, yeah
See, we gon’ have to sit down, and figure this thing out, eyy

Yeah you gon’ have to tell me
I don’t know why you wanna play me
And leave me in the blind,
I thought we knew what we wanted to do

He got me, got me like the feds, 
Checking all the evidence (Got me yeah , yeah)
Checking on where you’ve been  (Come on)
What you’ve been doing
We hurt, so can we keep it real
I wanna know everything (Everything)
So girl tell me everything
I ain’t really tripping
But I gotta know what's going on?

We had a home together
He said it would last forever
And no matter what, no one would ever break us up
No, ooh

And he got his clothes over here (Ohh, yeah)
We’ve been building this life for years (Say word)
Been through uṗs and downs, even stayed at his mamma’s house
Even talkin' about having kids

Got me like the feds, 
Checking all the evidence (He got me, yeah yeah)
Checking on where you’ve been (Come on)
What you been doin' with her?
So can we keep it real (I wanna know everything)
So girl tell me everything (Girl tell me everything yeah, yea)
I ain’t really tripping (No, no, no)
But I gotta know (Know, know)

See woman to woman, I know he ain’t right
Looked me in the eyes and lied a thousand times
I can’t believe he did this to me
I gave him my heart, so what’s it gonna be?
So what’cha, so what’cha , so what’cha gonna do?
So what’cha, so what’cha , so what’cha gonna do?
So what’cha, so what’cha , so what’cha gonna do?