Verse 1
 
 We must be kind
 And with an open mind
 We must endeavour to find 
 A way-
 To let the Germans know that when the war is over
 They are not the ones who'll have to pay.
 We must be sweet-
 And tactful and discreet
 And when they've suffered defeat
 We mustn't let
 Them feel upset
 Or ever get
 The feeling that we're cross with them or hate them,
 Our future policy must be to reinstate them.
 
 Refrain 1
 
 Don't let's be beastly to the Germans
 When our victory is ultimately won,
 It was just those nasty Nazis who persuaded them to fight
 And their Beethoven and Bach are really far worse than their bite
 Let's be meek to them-
 And turn the other cheek to them
 And try to bring out their latent sense of fun.
 Let's give them full air parity-
 And treat the rats with charity,
 But don't let's be beastly to the Hun.
 
 Verse 2
 
 We must be just-
 And win their love and trust
 And in additon we must
 Be wise
 And ask the conquered lands to join our hands to aid them.
 That would be a wonderful surprise.
 For many years-
 They've been in floods of tears
 Because the poor little dears
 Have been so wronged and only longed
 To cheat the world,
 Deplete the world
 And beat
 The world to blazes.
 This is the moment when we ought to sing their praises.
 
 Refrain 2
 
 Don't let's be beastly to the Germans
 When we've definitely got them on the run-
 Let us treat them very kindly as we would a valued friend
 We might send them out some Bishops as a form of lease and lend,
 Let's be sweet to them-
 And day by day repeat to them
 That 'sterilization' simply isn't done.
 Let's help the dirty swine again-
 To occupy the Rhine again,
 But don't let's be beastly to the Hun.
 
 Refrain 3
 
 Don't let's be beastly to the Germans
 When the age of peace and plenty has begun.
 We must send them steel and oil and coal and everything they need
 For their peaceable intentions can be always guaranteed.
 Let's employ with them a sort of 'strength through joy' with them,
 They're better than us at honest manly fun.
 Let's let them feel they're swell again and bomb us all to hell again,
 But don't let's be beastly to the Hun.
 
 Refrain 4
 
 Don't let's be beastly to the Germans
 For you can't deprive a ganster of his gun
 Though they've been a little naughty to the Czechs and Poles and Dutch
 But I don't suppose those countries really minded very much
 Let's be free with them and share the B.B.C. with them.
 We mustn't prevent them basking in the sun.
 Let's soften their defeat again-and build their bloody fleet again,
 But don't let's be beastly to the Hun.