Spit into the center of your hometown, there are leaves in the street, 
and there are friends around you now. All the days of your life in a line. 
All the way it seemed by 89

But it's not all right. It's not even close to all right.

Down a hall in your house, down a road in December
(Down, down, down the deep river, down, down, down the deep river)
Down a hall in your house, down a road in December
(Down, down, down the deep river, down, down, down the deep river)

We lie awake at night in a tent and I say, 
Tell me about your uncle and his friend 
because they seem like very bad men. 
Well we oughtta keep away from them. 
Bend in the road back there, we saw the place to go. 
Tell me 'bout the greatest show or the greatest movie you know 
or the greatest song that you taped from off the radio. 
Play it again and again it cuts off at the ending though. 
Tell me I'm always gonna be your best friend. 
Now you said it one time, why don't you say it again? 
All the way down the line to where the telephone ends 
come on and shout it on down the wire.

And it's not all right. 
It's not even close to all right.

Down a hall in your house, down a road in December
(Down, down, down the deep river, down, down, down the deep river)
Down a hall in your house, down a road in December
(Down, down, down the deep river, down, down, down the deep river)

And as the rescue party, the volunteer team ah, 
they're just kids of eighteen, and it's the worst thing 
they've seen they're standing all around that tree, 
and I'm so sorry that I can't stop crying.

(Oh, I know.)

Shivering from the late fall cold, 
I felt like a solid ghost. 
I ran and then I couldn't slow. 
My father found me though, my father took me home. 
He said, Oh, son, I saw you get knocked down, 
and I ran out I bet your head was spinning. 
With that bright pain you stunned, 
when you've only just begun to be only just beginning. 
Tossed in the viper pit, all those feelings and fears, 
and all that difficult shit in all those tender years. 
There was something in the air; something gathered in the air. 
Something singing in the wind.

I'll be your fighter and you'll be my mirror. 
And you'll be all right because I'll be right here. 
Oh kid, now I'm not going anywhere. 
I swear I'll try to not be going anywhere.

Though it's not all right. It is so far from all right. 
We'll make it into a choice somehow. 
I don't know, but you'll have a choice somehow.

Down a hall in your house, down a road in December
(Down, down, down the deep river, down, down, down the deep river)
We can never go back; we can only remember
(Down, down, down the deep river, down, down, down the deep river)

Maybe they told you 'bout the summer sky, 
maybe they said there's a great gold spirit in the summer sky 
or all your friends (all your best, best friends) 
are gonna gather around your bed at night. 
Well that'll make it all right because it is still so far from all right. Oh, kid, I know.

Down a hall in your house, down a road in December
(Down, down, down the deep river, down, down, down the deep river)
Up the stairs four flights, son; can you feel my heart shiver?
(Down, down, down the deep river, down, down, down the deep river)
Wakin' in the dawn with that dream getting dimmer and dimmer.

I said, Are we going down the deep river? Down the deep river? 
Why don't you say you still see it, say you remember? Are we going down? 
Are we going down the deep river? Because I know it's scary, baby.