Giants always find you 
Where sheep share friendly information
While slowly south bound sifting through patient air their legs are bending
Back to find the roots where 
We offered only explanations
Because we will only take what hands and backs and legs can carry
Out of here

Someday we'll find a home, someday we'll find a lonely lonely home
Where we'll pass time where we'll bring change, where we'll be change
(i found the way out, but if I told you you'd be down)
Lips likely loose and pouring out film lines

A roaring flow abounds a warmth and joy that holds you
Open and apart in steps that never move

So children come in find a seat we made your room/you're sure to use
Ohhhhhhhh
You missed the sparrow's mark
A breath of rockets shone like torches.
Boss we got a problem the people will not listen
Their ears are full of cranks, bells, pulley's, wheels, and bolts
Automated fiction with film on the eyes and the doctors claim
They'll never form, you'll never see again
Lengths of snakes match each silent syllable
Hello. You missed the sparrow's mark...A breath of rockets shone like torches.
(I found the way out)
So children come in find a seat we made your room/you're sure to use
Ohhhhhhhh
A roaring flow abounds a warmth and joy that holds you
Open and apart in steps that never move

Back to the world, the acrobats spinning around
With his head in the bay, stepping in close to that door
Shivers in pain, his mind slipping back in to
Behind his view a place he made through that door
Back filling gold and colors that poured from his
Mouth dripping shame found as the flowed through that door
Comforts in time that pull and push against the moon climbing games
That reach us to get through that door
Now back to the world, the acrobats spinning around
Their heads in the bay all the way back to that door
It's in the door

Where its always, always for the lord/law
Just what percent is left? Money or mind?
You see I found out where the money is it's all in lies

I found the way out. But. If I told you you'd be down.
And I hate to get you down when you're up so high so high.
Children come in, find a seat you're sure to do.
Lengths of snakes, they match each silent syllable
Hello. You missed the sparrow's mark
A breath of rockets shone like torches.
So children come in find a seat we made your room/you're sure to use
Ohhhhhhhh
A roaring flow abounds a warmth and joy that holds you
Open and apart in steps that never move