Let me tell y'all what it's like,
Being male, middle-class and white.
It's a bitch, if you don't believe, listen up to my new CD.

I got shit running thought my brain,
It's so intense that I can't explain.
All alone in my white-boy pain,
Shake your booty while the band complains.

I'm rockin' the suburbs, just like Michael Jackson did,
I'm rockin' the suburbs, except that he was talented.
I'm rockin' the suburbs, I take the checks and face the facts,
That some producer with computers fixes all my shitty tracks.

I'm pissed off, but I'm too polite,
When people break in the McDonald's line.
Mom and Dad you made me so uptight,
I'm gonna cuss on the mic tonight.
I don't know how much I can take,
Girl, give me something I can break.

I'm rockin' the suburbs, just like Quiet Riot did,
I'm rockin' the suburbs, except that they were talented.
I'm rockin' the suburbs, I take the cheques and face the facts,
That some producer with computers fixes all my shitty tracks.

In a haze these days, I pull up to the stop light,
I can feel that something's not right.
I can feel that someone's blasting me with hate,
And bass, sending dirty vibes my way.
Cause my Great, Great, Great, Great, Grandad,
Made someone's Great, Great, Great, Great Grandaddies slaves.
It wasn't my idea, it wasn't my idea, never was my idea.

I just drove to the store for some Preparation-H.
y'all don't know what it's like, being male, middle-class and white [Repeats]

It gets me real pissed off, it makes me want to say,
It gets me real pissed off and it makes me want to say,
It gets me real pissed off and it makes me want to say,
F*ck!

Just like Jon Bon Jovi did, I'm rockin' the suburbs,
Except that he was talented, I'm rockin' the suburbs.
I take the checks and face the facts,
That some producer with computers fixes all my shitty tracks.

These days, yeah-yeah, I'm rockin' the suburbs,
Yeah-yeah, I'm rockin' the suburbs, yeah-yeah.
You'd better look out, because I'm gonna say f*ck [Repeats]