How did I ever come this far without you, baby?
What was I thinking, what was I trying to be?
Never did you ever give me reason to doubt you, baby
You are my destiny and this I truly see 

I can see we're like to petals from the same flower, baby
We're like to branches from the same tree
Whenever I look in your eyes, I can see a paradise
You're my savior, you're all I ever need (Savior) 

I used to say, no one lover could have me, no one lover
That was before my eyes had seen the light
To make love with another, uh uh, I couldn't do it, no way (Couldn't do it)
You're my savior (savior), you're the only one that does it right

Can't you see we're like to petals from the same flower, baby? 
We're like to branches from the same tree
Whenever I look in your eyes, I can see a paradise
You're my savior, you're all I ever need

What would I be without your love around me?
(Oh, what would I be, oh, without your love?)
What would I see, you constantly astound me
(Oh baby, you know you constantly astound me)
Saviour {repeated}

Yeah! 
Well, oh!
(Savior)

Oh, how did I (how did I) come this far 
Without you, baby? (without you, baby) I don't know
What was I thinking (what was I thinking) 
What was I trying to be? (I don't know) 
But what I do know is that... 

(Can't you see we're like) We're like to petals from the same flower, baby
We're like to branches from the same tree
(To drops of water from the same sea)
Whenever I look in your eyes, I can see a paradise
You're my saviour, you're all I,
You're my saviour, you're all I ever,
You're my saviour, you're all I ever need (Saviour)
Saviour, you're all I ever need

Saviour, you (I do) 
You are my flower, baby (flower) 
Ooh, every, every hour (hour)
Oh, yes you are
Won't you come and just a (Won't you come and just a)
Rain, I said rain! 
(Won't you come and just a)
Rain, rain, rain!
(Rain some of your sweet love down on me?)
Down on me!
Saviour! Saviour! Saviour!
Yeah!
Down on me!