I want to go to the stars
I want to go to the stars
I want to go for the morning star

She woke from a start from a dream of stars
Let's talk about metaphysics she sighed in her bvd's
She didn't need comfort just some verbal intercourse
A dance around the intelligence tree

Where was the light before it came here?
Who held the power to begin the spin?
What is in store? what am I here for?
Is it love? is it war? is there more?

There she stands at my mind again
The age of poetry had begun

Wasn't that a time for love?
Wasn't that a time for imagination?
Wasn't that a time for the light?
Go out and stuff the universe into your eyes

Out together on the streets
At the barricades or in the sheets
What a scintillating bitch with her eyes on the light
"let's go to hell together" in her eyes

Why do we remember the past and not the future?
What's inside a black hole? what is the nature of the universe?
How does it work? which way is west in space?
Is there sex in heaven? is it the best?

Connect me with my intellect, she lied
You can't hide the sexual drive

Friction makes sparks, sparks make fire
Fire makes heat and the heat will endure 'til the
Animal comes with a ferocity not unlike
You and me in the throes of poetry

A lover's eye can stare an eagle blind
A lover's ear can hear the lowest sound
A lover's lip taste like the dream
I know you like it on top don't stop

Wasn't that a time for the light?
Wasn't that a time for bright ideas?
Wasn't that a time for love and danger?
Go out and stuff the universe into your eyes

The only answer that I have found
Above the sky or below the ground
Is that there are no answers
There never were any answers
There will never be any answers
And as Gertrude Stein said, "that's the answer"

I'm not afraid of the future
I'm not afraid of ideas
I'm not afraid to shake the foundation
Of the wonder years

These are visions of tomorrow
These are visions of the strength of ideas
Like matter and energy, ideas shape the sky
Of the future years

In my world, there are no hungry children
In my world, love is true
In my world, teachers get paid more than baseball players
In my world, there is you, but
In the real world, people get hungry
In the real world, people need love
In the real world, people need food and light and ideas and hope and love and a soothing human touch

Just like they're
Standing in the presence of god
Standing in the halls of imagination
Every boy a lion, every girl a tiger
It just takes a moment to step through the fire

Adventure beckons from above
The age of poetry begins again with love

Isn't this a time for the light?
Isn't this a time for imagination?
Isn't this a time for great new ideas?
Go out and stuff the universe into your eyes

Isn't this a time for love?
Isn't this a time to shake the foundations?
I know you like it on top, don't stop

Isn't this a time for the light

I am not afraid of the futr'